Regardless of how it was, those entering were customers, and customers are God; this is the motto of all merchants. A pretty saleswoman approached Li Weijie with enthusiasm and asked, “Sir, is there anything I can help you with?”

“Ah!”

Li Weijie felt a bit embarrassed to just look and decided to buy something for Xia Weiwei, “I’ll take a look first!”

At the beginning, Li Weijie’s face was flushed red as he felt embarrassed to stare at those undergarments, only daring to glance roughly and not clearly seeing the styles, patterns, or sizes.

After a while inside, Li Weijie’s mood calmed down considerably and no longer felt as uncomfortable as when he first entered the store. During his selection, sometimes he would even hold the undergarments to feel their material.

Looking at all the different styles of women’s lingerie, Li Weijie couldn’t help but sigh inwardly; there were so many styles and designs of women’s lingerie, more than all the men’s undergarments combined. Lace, pure cotton, embroidery, 1/2 cup bras, 3/4 cup bras, full coverage bras, magic bras, front clasp bras, long-line bras, casual bras, special function bras… Li Weijie’s eyes were dazzled.

And then… hey? What was that? Ah! It was his favorite sexy lingerie. Sexy lingerie is a derivative of regular undergarments, different from conventional ones, with an emphasis on “sexiness” to create visual stimulation and thus achieve various sensory stimulations physiologically.

Sexy uniforms, S&M outfits, garter belts, one-pieces, body shapers, baring tops, sexy skirts, sexy panties… Looking at these sexy undergarments made Li Weijie’s blood boil and his heart race. He thought about buying some sexy lingerie to take home after choosing the undergarments, and studying them with Xia Weiwei at night.

Although he was thinking about it intensely, Li Weijie didn’t dare to study the sexy undergarments in detail now; he didn’t want people to think he had some special fetish.

“Dinglingling…”

The crisp and melodious wind chime rang as the glass door opened. To not overlook any customer, this small design of a wind chime could immediately remind the saleswoman that there was a customer in need of service.

Li Weijie instinctively looked towards the sound, and saw a snow-white leg wrapped in transparent stockings step inside. Then another one followed. He looked up from the legs and skirt to see who it was.

Her hair piled up at the back, bright eyes that sparkled when she looked around, an angelically beautiful face with a light makeup, prominent breasts, slender waist, tall figure; although she was wearing the saleswoman’s uniform, her short-sleeved shirt revealed two fair and delicate arms, and the legs of her skirt were eye-catching. Everything about her was dazzling.

Makeup can enhance beauty, but mainly it’s due to natural charm. And the one in front of him was absolutely stunning. While Li Weijie admired her, he swallowed a mouthful of saliva and noticed that when she saw him, her eyes suddenly brightened.

Li Weijie walked to the newly arrived beautiful saleswoman and smiled, “What a coincidence, I didn’t expect to meet you here.”

The beautiful saleswoman gave the girl who had been explaining things to Li Weijie a gentle smile and softly said, “Let me do it.”

The girl nodded upon hearing this and left with a smile.

After the colleague left, Wang Yan’s expression changed. Although she had ruled out the possibility of him following her, she still didn’t give him a good look and said angrily, “How did you end up here?”

Uh, this was not an easy question to answer. Li Weijie touched his nose and said with a teasing tone, “Yan Yan, I came here specially to wait for you.”

Wang Yan gave Li Weijie a glance and didn’t dare to meet his bright eyes. A blush appeared on her pretty face, she slightly turned her head and revealed a delicate neck. Her heart was both embarrassed and angry; this naughty guy, he looked honest but had a mischievous mind. She was only temporarily transferred to the store today, and he said he had been waiting for her; clearly, it was a lie. But why did she feel a hint of shy happiness? Even Wang Yan herself didn’t understand.

Li Weijie, after walking around the store for a while, picked up a black bra and felt its lightness, thinness, softness, and suppleness. The different sizes were confusing him; he had only known that Lin Yixing’s bust size was 34D, but what about Xia Weiwei? It couldn’t be smaller than Lin Yixing’s, but how much bigger was it? He didn’t have a clear concept.

Moreover, even though Li Weijie had measured Xia Weiwei’s bust size many times with his hands, he was still unsure whether to buy one that matched her size or a slightly smaller or larger one. Ah… buying bras was indeed an intricate art!

Li Weijie picked up a 34D bra, thought about Xia Weiwei’s bust size, and then recalled her appearance when she was only wearing a bra. He stretched out his hand in the air as if grabbing something, then placed it inside the bra to simulate its fit.

But bras have elasticity; Li Weijie tried several and felt that each one was the same, which made him somewhat difficult.

Seeing Li Weijie comparing and measuring, Wang Yan couldn’t help but laugh with a “puchi” sound. She then noticed her own embarrassment and quickly composed herself, saying, “Are you buying lingerie for your girlfriend? What style? How much?”

“She’s not my girlfriend.”

Li Weijie quickly cleared the air, and since his recent stock market investments had been profitable, he spoke with confidence, “Price isn’t that important. As for the style, this black one is quite nice.”

Not his girlfriend? Wang Yan stared at him with a scrutinizing gaze and said, “What size do you want?”

Li Weijie scratched his head and smiled awkwardly, “Actually, I don’t know what size it is. But… well, it should be similar to yours, right?”

34D? Hearing Li Weijie’s words, Wang Yan raised her eyebrows and said, “The same as mine? Got it.”

“Oh! Right…”

Li Weijie slapped his forehead and asked, “Do girls usually buy undergarments that are bigger or smaller than their actual size?”

“Some like a bit larger, to cover the whole bust. These people are usually more conservative. Others prefer smaller ones, which better outline the shape of their bust and create a deep cleavage due to being slightly smaller than the actual size. But the sizes don’t differ much, it’s just a matter of choice.”

“So that’s how it is!”

Li Weijie said苦恼地, “I just can’t figure out which size she prefers. I’ve only seen her in a bra, but I haven’t studied the actual size of it.”

“What if we do this? I’ll try on these undergarments, and you pick one.”

Wang Yan blushed as she said this; she didn’t know why she had said such a thing. Was she infatuated, seeing a handsome guy and losing control? Or was it because this naughty guy almost… last time?

Li Weijie didn’t give Wang Yan a chance to change her mind and smiled as he handed the bra to her, “That would be great.”

Wang Yan took the bra from Li Weijie’s hand and gave him a glance, her pretty face flushed as she walked towards the changing room. For some reason, she chose a private changing room used by saleswomen.

Li Weijie casually picked up several different styles of undergarments and followed Wang Yan, a faint smile playing on his lips as he watched her graceful back disappear behind the wooden door of the changing room.

After a while, Wang Yan opened the door and beckoned Li Weijie over. She wasn’t bold enough to walk around in her undergarments.

Li Weijie walked up to the changing room door and his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. Wang Yan was only wearing a bra, her full bust revealed through the fabric, trembling enticingly. A deep cleavage, a flat abdomen, her eyes tightly shut due to shyness, and tiny beads of sweat on her delicate nose. Her rosy lips.

For Li Weijie, everything was a temptation; he swallowed hard at the sight of her half-naked body.

If not in public, Li Weijie wasn’t sure if he could resist the urge to do something animalistic. Actually, his lust was quite bold; it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call him a lecher. Even in the fast-food restaurant, which was also public, hadn’t he done something animalistic?

Chapter 33: Sexy Lingerie

After a while, Wang Yan opened her eyes as Li Weijie approached. Seeing him staring at her body with a lecherous expression, she said reproachfully, “How long are you going to look? Are you choosing this one?”

Hearing Wang Yan’s voice, Li Weijie came to his senses. Although he felt a bit embarrassed, he wouldn’t miss this rare opportunity to look. So he deliberately frowned and said, “It seems a bit small.”

At the same time, Li Weijie handed all the undergarments to Wang Yan. She glared at him in embarrassment and anger, huffed softly, then closed the door again to change into another set.

After trying on several sets of undergarments, Li Weijie kept saying they were either too big or too small. When Wang Yan had tried on all the undergarments he gave her, Li Weijie still wasn’t satisfied. He picked up a few more sets and handed them to Wang Yan.

Seeing that Wang Yan seemed about to explode, Li Weijie quickly clasped his hands together and said with a smile, “This is the last one. I promise it’s the last three… the last three.”

Seven minutes passed, but Wang Yan still hadn’t opened the changing room door. Finally, when he checked his watch for the third time, a crack appeared in the changing room door.

Li Weijie peeked inside and saw that Wang Yan wasn’t wearing new undergarments but was dressed in her uniform. She whispered to Li Weijie, “You… come in…”

Surprised, Li Weijie didn’t hesitate and slipped into the changing room, closing the door behind him.

Looking at Wang Yan in front of him, her large, sparkling eyes set on a pretty face that shone with vitality. A small, delicate nose paired with pink lips; even when not smiling, she had a charming expression. Her fair skin glowed under the lights; her mature and full figure was hidden beneath the uniform, with long, fair legs half-covered by the skirt. This added a touch of sensuality to her innocent aura. Li Weijie licked his dry lips and said, “Why didn’t you change?”

“They’re all like this. Too transparent, too revealing… no, no…”

Wang Yan’s face flushed red; the undergarments Li Weijie gave her were all very sexy and revealing, some even being lingerie or thongs. She had a hard time accepting these undergarments that couldn’t cover her private parts, but she didn’t want to say it outside, so she had called him in.

“Undergarments are supposed to be revealing. If you cover too much, it hides the woman’s perfect curves and doesn’t feel real. Look at those celebrities; they all expose their busts.”

Li Weijie took out his phone and opened the photo album, which was filled with famous female celebrities wearing various sexy undergarments. Some were even naked, exposing their most private parts, but the photos were beautiful and alluring.

“Wow, is that Janet Jackson or Britney? This is Sophie Marceau, the ‘French Goddess,’ she’s my idol…”

Seeing Li Weijie’s photos, Wang Yan was somewhat moved.

“Yes, Yan Yan, look at your skin; it’s so fair and delicate. I’m sure you’ll look great in these undergarments.”

Li Weijie’s eyes were fixed on Wang Yan’s chest; her blouse was slightly open, revealing a blush and almost the nipples. But Wang Yan didn’t notice.

“Alright, I’ll just wear one.”

Wang Yan finally agreed and chose the most conservative undergarment from the three. Even the most conservative ones were still very sexy and revealing.

“Come, I’ll help you take off your outer clothes.”

Li Weijie put away his phone; some of the photos were real, while others were edited by internet celebrities.

Wang Yan’s face flushed red but didn’t object. Li Weijie was gentle as he first loosened her hair, then began unbuttoning her blouse. When the top was loose, two full and firm mounds were revealed by the bra.

Wang Yan instinctively covered her chest with her hands, but they were too small to fully cover the mounds. This made the protruding parts and the deep cleavage even more alluring.

“Haha, no need to cover. Relax a bit; it’s not like you’re going to war. Besides, with such a beautiful figure, why hide?”

While talking, Li Weijie took off Wang Yan’s blouse and unzipped the side of her skirt. He then gently pulled it down, letting it fall to the ground.

Now, Wang Yan was only wearing her undergarments and thigh-high stockings. Her fair skin glowed in the soft light, making her look even more alluring with her long smooth legs and rounded buttocks. Li Weijie couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration.

“Don’t look…”

Wang Yan was already embarrassed from undressing in front of him and felt even more disoriented by his deliberate flirtation. Thinking about him helping her put on undergarments, she felt a liquid flow from between her legs. She blushed and instinctively squeezed her thighs together.

But Li Weijie walked over, gently pulled Wang Yan’s hands away from her chest and said with a smile, “Your breasts are so alluring; I can’t resist wanting to kiss them.”

“What nonsense are you talking?”

Her high, soft breasts were exposed again. Wang Yan felt her whole body heat up but had to endure it.

“Sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.”

Li Weijie seemed to notice Wang Yan’s regret and blamed himself for being too hasty, “Come, take off your undergarments yourself; I’ll help you put on the new ones.”

Wang Yan hesitated, turning to unbutton her bra. But the hook seemed stuck today; she couldn’t undo it.

Li Weijie thought, “How can a simple hook be so hard to open?” He said impatiently, “Let me do it.”

Without waiting for her consent, he reached out and heard a soft cry as the hook opened. Wang Yan covered her face with both hands.

Dazed, he realized the bra was still hanging there. Not wanting to wait any longer, Li Weijie said, “Yan Yan, let me do it all.”

Wang Yan still had her hands over her face; whether she agreed or not was unclear. Li Weijie remembered from a women’s magazine that if the beautiful woman didn’t object, it meant she agreed. So he boldly reached out and pulled down her panties; Wang Yan cried out, instinctively covering herself. But she ended up exposing the treasure between her breasts as Li Weijie gently took off her bra.

Wang Yan’s dazzling chest appeared before Li Weijie, proudly standing out. The momentary beauty dazzled his eyes and mind.

Li Weijie tried to steady himself; the two peaks of her breasts teased him, making his mouth dry. Ah, no wonder heroes can’t resist beautiful women; their allure is indeed astonishing.

If his friend Ma Kai knew Li Weijie was calling himself a hero, he would surely say, “Boss, but you’re not a hero!”

Wang Yan’s legs were tightly closed with no gap in between, but her upper body was half-naked and only had undergarments on. The stockings did not hide but rather intensified the allure.

Under Li Weijie’s heated gaze, Wang Yan couldn’t take it anymore and turned around, showing her smooth back to him.

Li Weijie picked up the sexy lingerie Wang Yan had chosen and stood behind her, putting it on her.

Wang Yan was at a loss; she wanted to put it on herself, but Li Weijie’s breath near her back and the sensation between her buttocks made her heart race. In a daze, the sexy lingerie covered her heavy breasts.

While helping Wang Yan fasten the buttons, Li Weijie used the excuse of fitting to occasionally squeeze her breasts, making Wang Yan tremble and feel dazed.

Seeing that she didn’t resist, Li Weijie became bolder. He started massaging her breasts and said, “They’re a bit firm; it ruins the line. I’ll massage them to make them softer and fuller…”

“Ah… how long will it take?”

Wang Yan was confused; she didn’t expect Li Weijie to massage her breasts. Was he a masseur? But why would a masseur massage a customer’s chest?

“Maybe, let’s see if they swell.”

Li Weijie said seriously, “If they swell, it means the massage is effective and we’ll need to do more.”

As time passed, Li Weijie’s hands gently massaged Wang Yan’s breasts, circle after circle…

The intense stimulation made her virgin chest tremble slightly; her heart raced even more. Wang Yan thought unconsciously, “That naughty guy… his hands…”

In Li Weijie’s mind was only one word: “Ah…”

“Let’s try another set?”

Her breasts were the most sensitive part of a woman; Li Weijie’s gentle massage almost made Wang Yan lose control. She had to beg for mercy, “Okay?”

“Hmm.”

Li Weijie nodded reluctantly and let go of Wang Yan’s breasts.

“You’re not allowed to look!”

Seeing Li Weijie staring at her, Wang Yan said loudly and reproachfully, “Still looking? Turn around.”

“Alright, alright, I won’t look…”

Li Weijie turned as instructed and faced the wall mirror.

Wang Yan, to monitor Li Weijie, also turned around, her smooth body facing him. She didn’t notice that Li Weijie was watching through the mirror as she hurriedly put on a sexy halter top. Li Weijie almost cried out when he saw a red line in the black area for an instant as she bent her leg to put on panties.

After putting on the sexy lingerie, Wang Yan looked down and blushed even more; this lingerie was almost transparent, white where it should be and black in the other areas.

“Are you done?”

As he asked, Li Weijie turned around and stared at Wang Yan’s body.

“Shameful.”

Wang Yan didn’t turn away from Li Weijie but kept her hands over her legs, yet still perfectly showcasing her full breasts and rounded buttocks.

Chapter 34: Day

“Let’s try this set.”

Li Weijie handed Wang Yan a skin-colored sexy halter top. It seemed to have more fabric, but when she took it, she found it even more transparent and the panties were thongs.

“This kind of underwear is so embarrassing!”

Wang Yan said reproachfully, stomping her foot. “I don’t want to wear it.”

“It’s not embarrassing; it’s very sexy, you’ll look even sexier in it.”

Li Weijie wanted Wang Yan to put on this very sexy lingerie immediately, but he patiently persuaded her. He was sure she wouldn’t resist much if he pounced on her; but it would be more enjoyable to savor the moment.

“No, I’m not suitable for these thongs…”

Wang Yan said shyly.

“It’s okay; why don’t you try it on? If it doesn’t look good, we won’t wear it.”

“Alright!”

Wang Yan couldn’t resist Li Weijie’s persuasive words and the desire he had stirred in her. She hesitantly put on the thong.

“Ah, it looks so good!”

Li Weijie swallowed hard; his pants were bulging.

“Oh, how embarrassing. How can I wear this? Even I feel embarrassed looking at myself.”

Wang Yan covered her face with both hands, but she noticed Li Weijie’s bulging pants through the gaps between her fingers. Her heart raced, worried that Li Weijie might do something like he did in the changing room.

“Come, sit on that sofa.”

It seemed Wang Yan’s worries were unnecessary; Li Weijie appeared to be just a man with normal physiological reactions.

The staff changing room was different; the sofa was leather, soft and comfortable. Lying on it would be very pleasant.

Wang Yan felt comfortable; maybe she was tired from standing for a while. She stretched on the sofa, her breasts swaying seductively. Li Weijie’s breathing became more rapid and he said, “Yan Yan, lift your chin and bend your legs.”

Li Weijie began giving instructions. The first few poses were beautiful but ordinary, but the next ones became more provocative. He said, “Now spread your legs and hold your chest.”

Wang Yan found the pose a bit strange but hesitated only briefly before following Li Weijie’s instructions, spreading her legs and holding her breasts. She smiled seductively at Li Weijie.

“Kneel on the sofa, lift your buttocks a bit. Yes, put your face on the sofa and raise your buttocks more…”

Li Weijie’s demands grew, the poses becoming increasingly provocative. His breath became heavier.

“Hmm, do we really have to do this? This pose is so suggestive…”

Wang Yan couldn’t believe Li Weijie was making her do such a provocative pose. She had seen this in Japanese movies with her roommates.

Wang Yan glanced at Li Weijie’s bulging pants, wondering if he was fantasizing about making love with her. Ah, it seemed wet; this pose is unbearable.

“Suggestiveness is alluring!”

Li Weijie was less than a meter away from Wang Yan. “Make every man crazy for you; use your hands to press on your buttocks.”

“I don’t want all men to go crazy, just my husband… hmm…”

Wang Yan bent her hands backward and pressed on her round, tender buttocks.

“Oh, you didn’t put something right; it seems a bit off…”

Li Weijie walked up and pulled down the thin thong, revealing Wang Yan’s private area. “Yan Yan, don’t move; I’ll fix it for you…”

“Ah, what are you doing?”

Wang Yan’s face flushed red; her eyes sparkled and her body trembled.

“Oh, it was a bit off. I’ll fix it for you.”

Li Weijie explained as his fingers touched the sensitive area.

“Ah! Don’t touch there.”

Wang Yan trembled all over, almost losing the provocative pose. She thought: This guy is so naughty, teasing me; ah, how embarrassing! He saw everything and touched there; it’s so ticklish!

“What don’t you want me to touch?”

Li Weijie was puzzled and touched the sensitive area, asking, “Is it here?”

“Ah… yes, that’s right…”

Wang Yan couldn’t kneel anymore; her legs gave way and she fell onto the sofa.

Li Weijie, undressed, pounced on the sofa, his hands roaming and caressing Wang Yan’s body. His actions were rough; a man can transform from a refined gentleman to a wild beast in seconds.

At this moment, Li Weijie looked like a wild beast smelling blood. Wang Yan had already prepared herself when Li Weijie helped her take off the undergarments, but as a woman, she had to struggle and cry out a bit.

Li Weijie pressed the soft Wang Yan down, pulled off the thong’s thin straps, and inserted his fingers. To his surprise, it was already wet; he couldn’t resist the urge and penetrated Wang Yan’s body through a thin membrane.

“Ah… ah…”

Wang Yan cried out, her hair disheveled. She was so delicate and vulnerable.

Although she had heard from roommates that the first time would be painful, she couldn’t imagine it would be so unbearable. She felt as if her body was being torn apart.

Li Weijie realized she was a virgin and blamed himself for being too hasty. But now, with the arrow on the string, he couldn’t stop.

Li Weijie took a deep breath and licked away the tears on Wang Yan’s cheeks caused by the pain. After a moment, when her body adjusted to the pain, he began moving…

“Ah… ah…”

Wang Yan panted and moaned, her eyes hazy. Her snow-white arms tightly embraced Li Weijie’s neck.

A man can transform from a refined college student to a wild beast in seconds.

At this moment, Li Weijie looked like a wild beast smelling blood.

“Hmm… ah…”

Wang Yan closed her eyes, her lips slightly parted, softly moaning. Her long legs wrapped around Li Weijie’s waist, allowing him to freely move within her soft body.

So in the lingerie store changing room, Li Weijie thoroughly “fucked” Wang Yan, who was still a virgin.

“Mm…”

Wang Yan panted softly; her face flushed, her eyes dazed. Her delicate body felt as if it were in the clouds; her long, soft legs stiffened, and a thick, hard penis filled her narrow, tender passage.

As she was soaked in Wang Yan’s nectar, the penis inside her grew larger and fuller, swelling within her narrow passage.

Li Weijie began to thrust gently, pulling the penis out of Wang Yan’s passage and slowly entering her again.

“Good… so tight… so warm and soft… ah…”

He was deeply inside Wang Yan, the head of his penis reaching the bottom of her passage and stopping at her tender nub.

When Wang Yan began to twist uncomfortably, Li Weijie started thrusting vigorously, reaching deep into her.

Wang Yan felt the penis was even thicker and longer than before. Her narrow, soft passage was already making her dizzy; with each thrust, she moaned and felt as if she were dying. Her beautiful face was flushed red.

“Good husband… this is my first time… gently… ah…”

Wang Yan began to softly pant, moaning and sighing. Her delicate body started moving gently.

Feeling that Wang Yan had adapted to his size, Li Weijie sped up the thrusting. He gradually increased the rhythm, moving in and out of her passage faster.

Wang Yan was driven to ecstasy by his thrusting, feeling as if she were in heaven. Her delicate body moved gently.

Feeling Wang Yan’s breasts swell, Li Weijie massaged her nipples with his fingers. Her two delicate breasts swelled unknowingly, and the pleasure spread from her nipples to her entire body.

Wang Yan’s consciousness had left her body; her mind was blank.

The world seemed to disappear, only the hot, thick penis moving inside her narrow passage. Waves of pleasure exploded throughout her body.

Wang Yan’s two delicate breasts were squeezed, her long legs spread wide, and her rounded buttocks pressed down.

The hot, thick penis began to thrust faster; the head roughly entered her tender uterus with each thrust. Her moist passage tightly clung to the penis.

Li Weijie repeatedly pressed his hot, hard penis against her delicate, shy nub. Wang Yan’s face flushed red; she moaned in ecstasy as he repeatedly pressed against her.

Suddenly, Wang Yan’s body was electrified with a tingling sensation. Her moist, hot passage involuntarily contracted around the thick, moving penis.

Her white body trembled and convulsed; her tender nub involuntarily quivered and tingled.

Wang Yan’s long, smooth legs suddenly lifted high, stiffening as she clamped Li Weijie tightly between her thighs. A mysterious, viscous fluid gushed from the depths of her passage; Wang Yan’s face flushed red with shyness.

“Mm… gently… mm… ah… mm… so much… mm… so hot… oh…”

Wang Yan’s virgin fluid soaked the penis inside her, flowing from her passage and dripping down her thighs.

After releasing her precious virgin fluid, Wang Yan’s face flushed red; her body was soft and limp. Her delicate face blushed with shyness, and her beautiful cheeks flushed.

Wang Yan’s body convulsed; the moist passage contracted.

But Li Weijie had no intention of ejaculating yet. He continued thrusting.

“Ah… ah ah… so good… ah…”

Naturally, Wang Yan began to moan and pant loudly again.

Wang Yan wrapped her arms around Li Weijie’s neck, her long legs trembling wildly. She then tightly hooked them around his waist, firmly clamping him between her thighs.

Thus, their coupling became increasingly intense and wild. In the passionate embrace, Wang Yan was repeatedly brought to orgasm by Li Weijie; she felt as if she were in a sea of joy, completely immersed in the storm of passion, unable to escape and unwilling to do so.

“Yan Yan…”

Li Weijie panted softly in Wang Yan’s ear. Her hand caressed his back, slowly sliding down; at the last moment, with his low growl, she finally reached her peak…

After Wang Yan experienced several orgasms, Li Weijie finally ejaculated inside her virgin passage.

After the passion subsided, Li Weijie held Wang Yan’s body. Although his body hadn’t fully released, he didn’t continue to ravish her; after all, she was a proper girl and it was her first time.

Looking at the dark red stains on the sofa, Li Weijie’s lustful gaze faded. He said softly, “I’m sorry; I didn’t know…”

“What didn’t you know?”

Wang Yan interrupted him, a mocking smile on her lips. “You didn’t know I was still a virgin?”

“I’ll take responsibility.”

Li Weijie’s voice was firm; Wang Yan didn’t doubt he would keep his word.

“How will you take responsibility? Marry me?”

Wang Yan looked deeply into Li Weijie’s eyes, her mocking smile growing. “What about your girlfriend? Don’t tell me you don’t have one?”

“I…”

Li Weijie was speechless; he indeed didn’t have the means to take responsibility for multiple women due to a practical issue: money.

“I can wait.”

The first time Wang Yan saw Li Weijie, she felt he was extraordinary. The woman beside him made her feel inferior despite her pride in her appearance and figure; she said with a faint smile, “But how long will you make me wait?”

“A year.”

Li Weijie could get money from Ma Kai if he asked, but he didn’t want to do it. He straightened his back and exuded a confident air, “This is my promise to you; please believe me.”

“I believe you.”

Wang Yan said, extending her delicate arm and kissing Li Weijie’s lips. Her body rubbed against his chest through their clothes, dispelling the previous tension. Li Weijie embraced her and kissed back passionately.

After tidying up, they prepared to leave. Wang Yan opened the door first and went out of the changing room, taking the lingerie she had chosen to the cashier for Li Weijie. He went directly to a resting area away from the cash register.

After a moment, Li Weijie took the bagged lingerie and credit card from Wang Yan. Looking at the receipt, he saw a French brand AUBADE lingerie and an Italian brand Sensi lingerie. The two sets cost 4800 yuan, which Li Weijie thought was a bit exaggerated for just some thin fabric.

After confirming Wang Yan didn’t need him to send her home, they exchanged contact information. Li Weijie left the lingerie store.

Walking home with two elegant bags, Li Weijie said to himself sarcastically, “I wonder if I can get this reimbursed. After all, it’s for work… but maybe after the ink dries and the storm passes. This time, I went to Taiwan for a model shoot for lingerie ads. Next time, maybe it’ll be to the Arctic to sell refrigerators to Eskimos or to the Sahara Desert to sell umbrellas…”

Returning to Lotus Community, Li Weijie found Xia Weiwei hadn’t come home yet. It was about time the library would close, so she should be on her way.

Usually, Li Weijie changed into slippers and lay on the sofa to watch TV when he got home. Today, however, his first action was to rush into the bathroom and dispose of evidence.