Just now, after the battle in the arena, although it was far from intense, a sweat was inevitable. And women are very shrewd; Li Weijie did not want to be discovered by Xia Weiwei.

Li Weijie had previously been clean and chaste, without any worries in this regard, but Ma Kai had made a few mistakes. As his close friend, he naturally knew how miserable the consequences of Ma Kai’s indiscretions were. Now, he certainly did not dare to be careless.

After washing for about half an hour, Li Weijie confirmed that there were no lingering scents or "weaknesses" on his body. Only then did he dry himself off and put the clothes he had taken off into the washing machine before leaving the bathroom.

***

Chapter 35: The Stairwell’s Secret Pleasure

Su Yuya, although a refined and noble elegant beauty, was also a tall, athletic, and curvaceous seductive woman. Besides her alluringly beautiful face, the pair of large, round, firm, and elastic breasts on her chest had attracted countless men’s gazes.

Today she was wearing a yellow trumpet skirt and matching silk white blouse, her long slender legs clad in yellow high heels as she walked out of the department store towards the parking lot.

Although the night breeze had tousled her long hair, her tall and graceful figure still drew many passersby’s admiring glances. Especially when she gently shook her head, sending her long hair fluttering accurately behind her right shoulder, the alluring hairstyle and her beautifully sculpted face immediately made several men’s eyes widen in amazement.

However, Su Yuya seemed to have grown accustomed to such intense gazes. She walked calmly and even entered a boutique specializing in women’s lingerie for quite some time before coming out, but her hands remained empty as if she had not found the style she wanted.

Amidst the bustling streets and traffic, besides those who were dazzled by Su Yuya’s beauty, there was a man following her at a distance. He kept a certain distance and followed Su Yuya as she wandered around, occasionally flashing a scorching look of greed in his eyes. This middle-aged man with an unseemly appearance looked like a stranger, let alone Su Yuya noticing their presence. Even if she saw him, it would be impossible for her to realize any danger.

So Su Yuya was in a relaxed mood and even wanted to go to another department store. She had always wanted to buy some lingerie, but after looking through all the counters, she still could not find a style that satisfied her.

And then there was what the boutique salesperson had said to her: "The style you want can only be found in a sex shop."

Thinking of this, Su Yuya couldn’t help but smile. She wondered what others would think if she really went alone to buy something in a sex shop.

After retrieving her car from the parking lot, Su Yuya drove towards Lotus Community. Without any experience in being tracked, she did not realize that a middle-aged man was following her closely in his car.

***

“Your slender figure makes me so heartbroken. Sometimes love is crueler than time, making people blind and reckless in their pursuit of it, forgetting that love requires two equally devoted hearts…”

The classic love song by the singing god Zhang Xiyue rang out. Just after getting out of the shower and drying his wet hair, Li Weijie pressed the接听键 on his phone to answer it. Xia Weiwei had indeed been in the library researching until late, and was about to arrive home. To ease his worries, she called him.

For this woman who treated the library as her second home, Li Weijie could only shake his head and smile. He casually said, "Darling, do you want me to pick you up?"

Xia Weiwei heard the casual tone in Li Weijie’s voice and, being considerate of him, knew he must be tired. She did not want to trouble him further and softly replied, "No need, I’ll be there soon. Bye!"

After hanging up, Li Weijie smiled and got up to hide the "souvenir" given by Song Yannü in a secret place. He had a mild fetish, but only liked it without collecting habits. Today was just an opportunity that made him do so. Even Li Weijie did not expect his collection to grow.

After dressing, he took the phone and keys and left the house.

Women sometimes need pampering, but at other times they want a little surprise. For example, even though she said she didn’t need him to pick her up, deep down she really wanted him by her side.

Leaving the house, Li Weijie did not take the elevator but chose to walk down the stairs. After all, Xia Weiwei would still be a while away, and he could only wait in vain if he went down early.

After playing on his phone for about ten minutes downstairs, Li Weijie saw Xia Weiwei from afar. She had a unique aura that made her stand out among the crowd.

Today, Xia Weiwei was wearing a white halter dress that barely reached her waist and a lacy white bra. Yes, it was not because Li Weijie could see through her clothes but because she had changed内衣 in front of him that morning.

Her long, soft hair was like clouds, and her slender legs were beautiful. It seemed as if he could smell the faint fragrance of her body carried by the breeze, not a scent of heavy perfume.

She was wearing flip-flops that exposed half her pale thighs. Her figure was well-proportioned and very sexy, but most importantly, she did not give off a sense of frivolity. Although her figure was alluring and her clothes were sexy, she gave off a sense of dignity that made one feel they could only admire from afar.

When Xia Weiwei reached the residential building, she was suddenly hugged from behind. Li Weijie laughed and said, "Weiwei, are you planning to become a librarian? Otherwise, why do you always leave last?"

"Ah! Let me down. You’re spinning me around and making me dizzy, I’m going to be sick."

Xia Weiwei cried out softly, gently hitting Li Weijie in a reproachful manner. In her heart, she was actually very happy.

Li Weijie grinned and whispered in Xia Weiwei’s ear, "If my girlfriend is going to be sick, does that mean she’s pregnant? Weiwei, let’s have two sons and three daughters."

"Are you crazy! Do you think I’m a pig?"

Xia Weiwei twisted Li Weijie playfully, both angry and amused.

"Alright! You dared to attack me. This is a serious offense. I’ll get my revenge, where should I start? Here."

Li Weijie grinned and reached into Xia Weiwei’s collar, grabbing her full, high breasts.

"Ah! This is still outside. What if someone sees us?"

Xia Weiwei quickly pushed Li Weijie’s hand away.

"Then let’s go back inside."

Xia Weiwei said as she picked up Xia Weiwei and carried her into the residential building.

***

Standing by the elevator, seeing no one around, Li Weijie hugged Xia Weiwei and kissed her passionately.

Xia Weiwei did not resist, her tongue eagerly responding to Li Weijie’s. But when his hand slipped into her panties, she pushed him away.

"Humph, your hands should be more respectful!"

Xia Weiwei looked at Li Weijie with a half-smile, wiping the saliva from her lips with her small hand. It was unclear whose saliva it was.

"Kiss me again, I promise to be more respectful."

Li Weijie grinned and looked into Xia Weiwei’s eyes, filled with tenderness. He reached out to hug her again.

"No, let’s go upstairs. You’ve become so lustful."

Xia Weiwei refused Li Weijie’s embrace.

"With such a beautiful girlfriend, of course I’m lustful. If I wasn’t, that would be strange."

Li Weijie nodded and hugged Xia Weiwei again. This time she did not resist.

"Humph! You’re so smooth-talking."

Xia Weiwei pouted and stuck out her tongue playfully.

"I want you to believe me."

Li Weijie kissed Xia Weiwei again.

"Oh, no! Someone’s coming, let’s get in the elevator!"

Xia Weiwei’s heart began to race because Li Weijie’s hand was not behaving.

"Then we won’t take the elevator, let’s go up the stairs."

Li Weijie pulled Xia Weiwei and ran up the stairs.

Although it was not a high floor, Xia Weiwei still complained about Li Weijie not taking the elevator. But when they reached their floor, Xia Weiwei panicked because she saw Li Weijie’s mischievous smile.

"Oh! No…"

Before Xia Weiwei could finish, Li Weijie turned her around and pressed her against the stair rail. His hands slipped under her ribs, pinching her high breasts, and his groin pressed against her sensitive buttocks.

"Ah! What are you doing?"

Xia Weiwei wriggled her hips but to no avail. Her body was very sensitive, especially those high and full breasts that could make Xia Weiwei weak at the knees when touched.

Li Weijie knew this "weakness" of Xia Weiwei and how to exploit it.

"Weiwei, will you be my wife?"

Li Weijie’s mouth bit Xia Weiwei’s earlobe. Her earlobes were white and soft, now flushed red under the influence of desire.

"You… stop touching me… ah… you… let go first…"

Xia Weiwei’s face turned as red as a blush, watching Li Weijie pull down her bra and rub her breasts with his hands.

"Will you not agree? Then… okay…"

Li Weijie pulled down Xia Weiwei’s panties, revealing a tantalizing gap between her buttocks.

"Yes… I agree…"

Xia Weiwei panted, wondering if he was proposing to her. How could it be so different from the romantic scene she had imagined.

"Hehe, you’re too late."

Li Weijie pulled down the zipper and pushed forward.

"Oh, it hurts…"

The hard object entered her not yet fully lubricated softness. Xia Weiwei cried out in complaint.

Li Weijie increased the intensity of his stimulation, and her pink nipples began to harden. The delightful moisture flowed out, allowing Li Weijie to enter smoothly.

"Ah… Weijie, let’s find a place, not here…"

Xia Weiwei panted and pleaded. The intelligent master’s beauty had become a weak woman under Li Weijie’s dominance.

"Let’s go to the balcony at home, okay?"

Li Weijie said as he tried to open the stairwell door.

"Ah… ah… no, not good… how can we do it on the balcony? You’re so naughty, just here…"

Xia Weiwei began to thrust her hips backward.

Li Weijie teased her, "If you don’t call me husband, I’ll stop."

"You… you’re so naughty! If you dare to stop, I won’t talk to you…"

Xia Weiwei’s face turned red. She was already aroused, and if Li Weijie suggested going to the balcony again, she might not have refused. How could she bear him stopping now?

"Weiwei, if you don’t call me husband, I won’t have the motivation…"

Li Weijie’s hand moved to Xia Weiwei’s thigh, skillfully stimulating her sensitive spots.

Xia Weiwei was overwhelmed with desire and moaned softly, "Ah… ah… husband… I think of you every day, but you do this to me… I’m so embarrassed…"

Li Weijie was moved. With a girlfriend like Xia Weiwei, what else could he want? His speed and strength increased dramatically. Xia Weiwei bit her lip, leaving a row of delicate marks on her lips. "Weiwei, are you comfortable?"

Silent lovemaking is not good for both parties; communication is key.

"Mmm, comfortable… husband, harder…"

Xia Weiwei opened her mouth and the enticing moans could no longer be suppressed. Her moans were so alluring.

Her cherry lips blushed as she panted, her body writhing more intensely. Li Weijie whispered in Xia Weiwei’s ear, "Do you want it?"

Xia Weiwei moaned softly, "Yes…"

Before she could finish her sentence, Li Weijie thrust upward forcefully.

Xia Weiwei’s head turned as she cried out in pleasure.

Li Weijie moved rapidly, knowing that Xia Weiwei had been trained. Soon she no longer cared about the public place and began to moan shyly.

As Li Weijie moved, Xia Weiwei’s cheeks and body gradually turned rosy. Her lips opened wide as she panted, her moans becoming faster and more frequent.

Soon, she grabbed the railing tightly and shouted, "Ah… I’m coming… ah… ah…"

Under Li Weijie’s assault, Xia Weiwei spoke incoherently: "Ah… good husband… you’re going to make me come… ah… so good… ah… really beautiful…"

In Li Weijie’s thrusting, Xia Weiwei felt incredibly full and comfortable. Waves of pleasure coursed through her body as they joined, she was lost in an ocean of desire.

***

Chapter 36: Unfastening the Mother-in-law’s Bra

"Come, bend down a little more…"

Li Weijie pressed Xia Weiwei’s body lower so that her intimate area was fully exposed to his view, making his actions easier.

"Mmm mmm…"

Li Weijie was also comfortable. He excitedly noticed Xia Weiwei’s back entrance contracting and relaxing, forming a beautiful pink rose that was both enticing and alluring.

"Ah… I’m coming again… ah… ah…"

Xia Weiwei finally reached the long-awaited climax, her essence gushing out.

Li Weijie held Xia Weiwei and gently stroked her waist with one hand, while slowly moving the other down to her buttocks.

Xia Weiwei’s buttocks were elastic, and as Li Weijie stroked them, her body grew warmer. He moved his hand up along Xia Weiwei’s abdomen to her ribs and then to the sides of her breasts.

Li Weijie’s hands caressed Xia Weiwei’s swollen peaks, which trembled in his palms. She softly said, "Let’s go back."

He kissed her beautiful face and whispered in Xia Weiwei’s ear, "Weiwei, you’re comfortable, but I’m still holding back."

He slowly kissed Xia Weiwei’s lips while his left hand held her smooth, elastic arm. His right hand moved down to the mysterious area between Xia Weiwei’s legs.

Xia Weiwei moaned softly, "Mmm…"

She half-heartedly let Li Weijie touch her.

They kissed passionately while his hand gently caressed Xia Weiwei’s wet, moist area…

Xia Weiwei lifted her full and round buttocks. Her well-toned thighs were close at hand, smooth and flawless with a fine line of silk binding her swollen mound. The narrow lace underwear revealed the dark pubic hair spilling out from under it, covering the intimate area with a delicate pink crevice.

Li Weijie’s nose touched her smooth skin, smelling the intoxicating fragrance from between her legs.

He excitedly stroked her, and Xia Weiwei’s full buttocks quivered in response.

Li Weijie carefully observed the area and noticed that her underwear was completely soaked from earlier.

He couldn’t resist licking it, causing Xia Weiwei to cry out in surprise. Li Weijie looked up at her.

Xia Weiwei blushed and coyly pressed his head down with her delicate hand.

"Beautiful!"

Li Weijie exclaimed, swallowing involuntarily as he stared at Xia Weiwei’s intimate area.

Below her flat abdomen, a small mound of white flesh covered with thick black hair. After he had taken her earlier, the two soft mounds were slightly parted, filled with young woman’s fragrant essence. The petals at the top joined to form a small protrusion, like a shy girl peeking out to taste forbidden fruit.

Li Weijie licked it gently. Soon, Xia Weiwei moaned lustfully, "Ah… you’re so comfortable… mmm…"

Hearing Xia Weiwei’s soft moans, Li Weijie could no longer control himself. He stood up and turned her around, thrusting into Xia Weiwei’s depths again.

"Ah… bad guy… you’re bullying me… ah… mmm…"

Li Weijie pressed against Xia Weiwei’s back, thrusting vigorously.

***

Lying on the wide sofa, Li Yuchen was bored. She had flipped through many TV programs but finally turned off the screen with a "snap."

Why wasn’t her godmother back? Her phone was off, perhaps it had run out of power. Could something have happened to her?

Li Yuchen became increasingly worried, thinking that women should never be left idle. When they are idle, their minds wander and the men suffer.

Standing on the balcony, Li Yuchen anxiously paced back and forth. The position of the balcony allowed her to see the parking lot.

Seeing Su Yuya’s car safely parked in the lot, Li Yuchen knew her godmother had returned. Her mood lifted and she quickly set up the new tea set, brewing a pot of Dahongpao because she knew her godmother’s preference for good tea.

But after ten minutes, Su Yuya still hadn’t come home. Li Yuchen felt puzzled and muttered, "Maybe the elevator is broken; I’ll go check."

Li Yuchen opened the door and walked out. The elevator seemed to be working fine.

She wondered, "Maybe she took the stairs because it was crowded?"

Glancing at the stairwell door, which was closed.

"Sigh, I’ll go down to meet her. I was going to surprise her."

Li Yuchen was about to take the elevator down when a faint cry came from the stairwell.

Curious, Li Yuchen walked over. As she approached the stairwell door, her face turned red because a woman’s moans were coming from inside.

If it was just lovers, that would be fine. But if a stranger had kidnapped her godmother, then it was serious.

The just and beautiful Li Yuchen decided to investigate. She walked up to the stairwell door, pressing her ear against it. The door was unlocked and she pushed it open slightly.

Inside, a woman’s hands were gripping the stair rail. Her high buttocks were shaking as she moaned, and behind her a man was thrusting continuously.

Li Yuchen wanted to leave but as she opened the door further, she could clearly see that the man was Li Weijie.

Li Yuchen sighed and muttered, "Really shameless…"

"Ah… so comfortable… ah…"

Xia Weiwei’s mouth was slightly open, her eyes half-closed as she panted. Her full buttocks swayed and she moaned, "Mmm… ah… you’re so good…"

Li Weijie knew Xia Weiwei was about to climax, so he thrust faster.

Suddenly, Xia Weiwei’s body trembled. Her intimate area contracted rapidly as warm essence gushed out again. She panted and moaned, "Ah… ah… I’m coming…"

***

Night was his favorite time. The endless night sky awakened the predatory cells in his blood, transforming him into a midnight devil.

It was 10:30 PM. Wan Jianwen was waiting for his prey in a bustling commercial area when he saw a beautiful woman hurrying home. He had found tonight’s target.

Wan Jianwen followed her quietly, analyzing her appearance: she wore a white blouse and trumpet skirt, long hair reaching her back. She was about twenty-five or six years old, with a full figure and narrow waist, wide hips. Her bust was at least 38 inches, swaying enticingly and making Wan Jianwen’s desire rise. Her face was large-eyed with fair, smooth skin, which made him unable to resist.

He followed her in his car as she drove back to the residential area, Lotus Community. It was a famous complex with over forty high-rise buildings and weak security, an ideal location for his crimes.

After parking the car, it took her three minutes to reach her destination: an elevator apartment in the center of Lotus Community.

Wan Jianwen smiled inwardly, thinking she would not escape his grasp. They walked to the elevator lobby together; she was unaware of his presence, while he took this opportunity to observe her. Her breasts were fuller than expected due to the loose clothing, and he was eager to taste them.

Wan Jianwen and Su Yuya entered the elevator. Inside, he took advantage of the moment to touch her delicate fingers and press the door close button.

Su Yuya frowned slightly but did not react much. Wan Jianwen was meticulous in choosing his victims; he would only act if they met certain conditions. After observing her, he concluded she was a perfect specimen and destined to be his prey.

The elevator reached Su Yuya’s floor. Wan Jianwen followed her quietly. When she took out the key to open the door, he saw his chance and pulled out a fruit knife. He pressed her mouth with his left hand and pointed the sharp blade at her cheek.

Su Yuya was stunned, then fiercely resisted but could only make muffled sounds as her mouth was covered.

Feeling her body tremble with fear, Wan Jianwen did not soften. He said menacingly, "If you resist more, I’ll scar your face…"

Su Yuya was startled when she opened the door and dropped her key. The slight sound caught Li Yuchen’s attention, who was listening from the stairwell.

Li Yuchen walked out and saw Su Yuya being held at knife-point. She shouted, "Help! Someone!"

Her high-pitched voice echoed in the quiet hallway.

Wan Jianwen cursed and pushed Su Yuya into Li Yuchen’s arms, running towards the stairwell. He chose to run down the stairs rather than take the elevator and be caught by police.

In the stairwell, Li Weijie and Xia Weiwei separated as they heard the cries for help.

Li Weijie was startled by the sudden appearance of a man in the stairwell.

Wan Jianwen was also surprised but ran towards the stairs, waving his knife and shouting at Li Weijie to move.

Wan Jianwen ran down the stairs, with Li Weijie shielding Xia Weiwei and backing up.

As Wan Jianwen passed by him, Li Weijie struck swiftly. He grabbed Wan Jianwen’s wrist holding the knife and heard a snap as he twisted it, causing Wan Jianwen to scream. Li Weijie then kicked him in the throat with a knee, causing a muffled cry and sending Wan Jianwen to the ground. His genitals were crushed by Li Weijie’s second strike.

The series of actions took only five seconds. Li Weijie dragged the unconscious man to a corner and examined him. A plain face, nothing special.

He spat out in disgust: "Ugh, ugly and still comes to scare people."

Li Yuchen’s voice called out again: "Godmother… godmother…"

Li Weijie turned and saw Su Yuya faint in Li Yuchen’s arms. He called out, "Mother-in-law…"

Su Yuya fainted in Li Yuchen’s arms.

In college, Li Weijie and Ma Kai were members of the Red Cross Society not because they were kind-hearted but because there were many beautiful girls. He learned basic first aid knowledge along the way.

Seeing Su Yuya faint, Li Weijie rushed to her side and said, "Yuchen, open the door. I’ll carry mother-in-law inside."

He then turned to Xia Weiwei and said, "Weiwei, call the police."

Liu Yuqing opened the door. Li Weijie carried Su Yuya horizontally into the room.

Inside, his first reaction was to turn off the air conditioner and open the windows. He asked Liu Yuchen to get保鲜膜, ice cubes, and wet towels from the kitchen.

After giving instructions, Li Weijie laid Su Yuya on the sofa and hesitated for a second before unzipping her skirt. A pale purple lace underwear came into view.

Li Weijie was stunned but quickly undid her bra, revealing two fuller breasts than Xia Weiwei’s and Wang Yan’s. The pink nipples stood proudly, making Li Weijie dizzy.

Fortunately, Liu Yuchen brought the ice cubes and wet towels. Xia Weiwei finished her call and entered the room.

Li Weijie placed ice cubes on Su Yuya’s head wrapped in保鲜膜 and put a wet towel over her left chest. He pressed his hand on the full breasts, applying gentle pressure for a few seconds.

Su Yuya coughed softly and slowly regained consciousness. Taking advantage of her daze, Li Weijie quickly left to avoid any misunderstanding.

Su Yuya did not get angry after regaining consciousness. Xia Weiwei and Li Yuchen explained everything to her, so she did not blame her rescuer. Although he had touched her body, it was necessary.

Standing by the window, Li Weijie rubbed his nose. Usually he did this when it was itchy, but now it wasn’t. He wanted to smell the faint scent of milk on his hand.

***

Chapter 37: The Living Room’s Springtime

"Hey, what are you staring at? My godmother is calling you."

Li Weijie was snapped out of his reverie by Li Yuchen.

Su Yuya, covered with a blanket, was sitting up.

"Oh, mother-in-law, lie down. Don’t get up so quickly."

Li Weijie gently helped Su Yuya lie back down. She wanted to resist but gave in to his gentle persuasion. Her complexion was no longer as pale.

In the soft pillow, Su Yuya’s long hair spread out like a delicate woman in need of care.

"Thank you again."

Su Yuya’s eyes sparkled with gratitude. After the ordeal, she seemed to have let go of some things.

"Mother-in-law, why are you being so polite? It’s what I should do."

Li Weijie smiled. His feelings for Su Yuya were genuine.

"Wei, it seems you have a special connection with our family."

Su Yuya smiled softly, her eyes twinkling.

"Yes, we have a special connection. When I’m sad, you’re there to comfort me. I’ve sworn to take care of you for life."

Li Weijie was moved, his blood surging. Looking at Xia Weiwei and Li Yuchen, he felt a surge of protectiveness.

Li Yuchen smiled. Xia Weiwei giggled. Su Yuya, who was usually gentle, also smiled. She seemed to understand something from Li Weijie’s tender gaze and her heart raced, making her face flush. Women who blush are the most attractive to men.

Li Weijie told himself that if Xia Weiwei and Li Yuchen were not there, he might have acted impulsively.

Even the emotionally clueless Li Yuchen felt something was amiss. She innocently asked, "Li Weijie, do you like my godmother?"

Though she knew it was a joke, Su Yuya still blushed and hit her lightly. "What are you saying? You’re so impudent."

More embarrassed than angry.

Xia Weiwei and Liu Yuqing giggled. Li Weijie laughed without admitting or denying it.

Seeing the late hour, Li Weijie decided to leave. But unexpectedly, Liu Yuqing said, "Godmother, let Li Weijie stay tonight because of what happened. You fainted suddenly and I’m worried. With him here, he can help if anything happens. I’ll stay with you tonight and take you to the hospital tomorrow."

Xia Weiwei agreed, nodding. "Yes, Su teacher, can I stay too? We’ll take turns with you."

Tonight’s events made Xia Weiwei uneasy to sleep alone.

Su Yuya hesitated but agreed. "How can I trouble Li Weijie again? He has to work tomorrow…"

"Of course not, mother-in-law. Look at how Weiwei and Yuchen care for you. I can’t refuse."

Su Yuya saw Li Weijie’s earnest expression and nodded.

She did not realize that this small decision would bring a storm of changes to her life.

***

The police received the call and quickly arrived. They thought it was a routine case but found that the suspect, Wan Jianwen, had been caught by residents. He was a notorious "child molester" from Hong Kong’s Tuen Mun district, even more deranged than the previous "Tuen Mun molester," Lin Guowei.

From April 12, 2007 to April 17, 2008, he sexually assaulted nine underage girls in Shenzhen, successfully raping six of them. Seven victims were between 11 and 13 years old, legally minors, while the other two were under 16.

Since mid-April, Donglai City had seen a series of sexual assaults on young girls. In four days, two 9 to 10-year-old girls were victimized.

The impact was significant. The police were on high alert, determined to catch the perpetrator as soon as possible.

The Liandu District Public Security Bureau formed a special task force. The district’s Party Secretary and the bureau chief, Gu Jiangnan, emphasized that they must capture the suspect quickly.

Through extensive investigations and technical analysis, it was determined that both cases were committed by the same person. A detailed profile of the suspect was established.

Based on his appearance, modus operandi, and characteristics, police conducted targeted patrols in open residential areas and villages. They also launched a city-wide search, focusing on the surrounding area of the crime scenes.

They排查了有强奸、猥亵、偷窥和入室盗窃等前科劣迹的人员，最终在4月28日锁定了重大嫌疑人万健文。

His features were etched in the police’s minds. When they arrived at Lotus Community and saw a man with his hands tied and bruised, they immediately identified him as Wan Jianwen.

After questioning, they learned that Li Weijie had caught Wan Jianwen. The police kindly asked him to come to the station for a statement and receive a substantial reward.

It was late, so when Li Weijie agreed to come the next day and said he needed rest, they left.

***

Women’s homes are usually clean and fragrant. Even sleeping on the living room sofa made Li Weijie content.

But he could not sleep, as Su Yuya, Xia Weiwei, and Li Yuchen kept turning in his mind. Their smiles and laughter stirred his most primal desires.

Li Weijie was a normal man, and any normal man would be moved by three beautiful women. Especially the moment he touched Su Yuya’s breasts, his body reacted. Her full and firm breasts were not sagging, her waist had a beautiful curve, and her skin was smooth. Was his mother-in-law like an ethereal fairy from a painting?