Li Weijie and Ma Kai entered the bathing room, which had four bathtubs and two beautiful female attendants standing beside them. They were wearing see-through chiffon dresses with lace, barely covering their buttocks, revealing black bras and sexy underwear.

Indeed, they understood men's psychology. Chiffon is a high-end fabric; many transliterated terms are vividly portrayed, showcasing the essence of the material in clothing. From English "dacron," they translated it as "dearly good," and from French "chiffe," they translated it as the romantic chiffon.

Chiffon is a material inherently suited for women, being light, transparent, soft, flowing, comfortable, and elastic. It is splendid yet delicate and elegant, cute without losing its charm; if you want to hear more, there are many words of praise.

Every woman would be unable to resist wanting a chiffon blouse that embodies elegance, freshness, and naturalness.

Seeing two beautiful women dressed like this, Li Weijie's blood suddenly rushed faster, and he experienced a physiological reaction below.

Ma Kai did not move; Li Weijie knew that he was letting him choose first. He did not hesitate, casually pulling the petite woman on his left into his embrace and heading towards an independent bathroom.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> Soaking in the bathtub, the water temperature was just right, warm and hot, truly a pleasure. Days of fatigue seemed to vanish instantly. A woman named Tang Guo held a bar of soap and rubbed it all over Li Weijie's body, then used her tender little hands to massage him. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the warm water and the service of a beautiful woman.

Li Weijie thought to himself, "Money is good; it allows one to enjoy unimaginable supreme pleasures, enjoying countless beauties in this world."

While being served by Tang Guo's meticulous care, Li Weijie suddenly wondered why he was so foolish? Why did he live only for one woman? Why did he hang himself on a single tree? Why did he abandon an entire forest for a non-existent tree?

Is a man not considered a man if he is not flirtatious? The ancients said, "A man does not live up to his youth if he is not flirtatious." In his youthful exuberance, how could he call himself a "man of both literary and martial excellence"? Now, with extensive reading and broad knowledge, he felt ashamed.

In ancient times, which famous scholar did not have three or four concubines? The most renowned theory about men having many women is probably the teapot and tea cup theory by Gu Hongming at the end of the Qing dynasty. Men are like teapots, and women are like tea cups; a teapot naturally cannot have only one cup but several.

Li Weijie suddenly felt his views change greatly. The old notion of being faithful to one woman was thrown out the window, and from now on, he decided to be a conqueror of women.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> With this vow in his heart, Li Weijie took the first step towards a legendary life. This was an important step, sowing the seeds of desire for his future life filled with beauties.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> Chapter 004: Chest Push

Tang Guo, caressing Li Weijie's robust body, said in a soft voice, "Mr. Li, I am Tang Guo; you are so strong!"

Tang Guo's gaze became dreamy as she gently stroked Li Weijie's muscular body, looking intoxicated.

"Your chest is bigger than mine!"

Li Weijie chuckled and then reached out to stroke Tang Guo's bosom, squeezing and kneading it.

Under Li Weijie's magical hands, Tang Guo's body softened, becoming weak and began to moan softly.

Seeing that Tang Guo was very infatuated with him, Li Weijie felt a strange sensation rise within him and spread throughout his body. He also felt an immense pride, but he did not want to make love with her just yet; he only wanted to soak in the warm bath and then thoroughly satisfy her, making her taste his prowess.

Li Weijie firmly grasped Tang Guo's ample bosom and rubbed it vigorously, saying softly, "Alright, little naughty girl, have you had enough? I will take a bath first. Later, I'll let you touch me as much as you want and enjoy yourself."

With that said, Li Weijie released her hand, leaned back, comfortably resting on a small pillow, and closed his eyes to enjoy the comfort of the warm water.

Tang Guo was still enjoying it with her eyes closed when she suddenly felt a void, the tingling sensation being drawn away. She became anxious and opened her eyes to see Li Weijie lying in the bathtub, looking at her mischievously. She blushed and said with a pout, "Mr. Li, you are so naughty, always teasing me..."

When Li Weijie was resting with his eyes closed, Tang Guo had already finished massaging him. Her hands were caressing and playing with his sensitive areas, looking intoxicated.

Opening her eyes to see her lewd expression, Li Weijie's blood rushed faster. Tang Guo's desire grew stronger, and she became moist between her legs.

Seeing Tang Guo's reaction, Li Weijie laughed heartily and suddenly remembered seeing women use their breasts to massage men in pornographic films. He thought of this idea and softly said, "Tang Guo, can you use your breasts to massage me?"

"Sure! I've never seen a body as strong as Mr. Li's; it will definitely be very comfortable."

Tang Guo said and began to undress.

Li Weijie was surprised that Tang Guo agreed so quickly; it was an unexpected gain!

Tang Guo took off all her clothes, standing there naked. She was about 160 cm tall with a delicate and beautiful face, large eyes that never blinked as she stared at Li Weijie. Her small nose and cherry-red lips were slightly parted, making one want to kiss her. Her long black hair flowed naturally, and her round breasts were nestled in the white skin of her chest. Her body was slender with snow-white skin, a small and uplifted buttock, and between her legs was a dark patch of hair.

Seeing the admiration in Li Weijie's eyes, Tang Guo was pleased. She giggled and jumped into the bathtub, half-kneeling between Li Weijie's legs. She supported herself with her hands on the edge of the tub, bent down, and used her ample breasts to massage Li Weijie's chest, rotating them.

Soon, Tang Guo opened her cherry-red lips and bit down on Li Weijie's sensitive area. The bathroom filled with sounds, the water splashing as she moved vigorously.

Tang Guo held her ample breasts and squeezed Li Weijie's hard member, licking it with her tongue. He felt his blood rushing and burning desire.

Li Weijie's hands involuntarily went into her silky hair, pressing down. She held his member with one hand and gently massaged his testicles with the other.

Tang Guo lowered her head, using her mouth to suck on Li Weijie's member. She licked the tip with her tongue, slowly sucking and kissing it, making him tremble all over.

Waves of unprecedented sensations washed over Li Weijie's brain, making his body shake. It was so comfortable.

Li Weijie was exceptionally strong; Tang Guo's breasts turned red, and her tender skin was rubbed raw. Her mouth became dry, but he had not yet ejaculated.

"Ah... Mr. Li... why haven't you..."

Tang Guo panted softly, and Li Weijie knew she could not take it anymore. He gently tapped her cheek.

His hard member withdrew from Tang Guo's cherry-red lips, and Li Weijie pulled her hand to hold the excited member.

Tang Guo let out a soft moan, feeling the pulsing in her hand. She closed her beautiful eyes shyly.

Li Weijie chuckled and pulled Tang Guo's hand up and down, leaning close to her delicate earlobe and gently licking it. With a seductive voice, he said, "Little darling, let your mouth rest for a while..."

Tang Guo blushed and opened one eye to look at him, then quickly closed it again. Her face was as red as fire, nodding slightly with a shy expression.

Li Weijie lay in the bathtub while Tang Guo moved diligently. Her expression was focused, and under the light, her delicate face glowed with a faint silver hue. Her exquisite features exuded a soft allure.

Li Weijie's spine gradually stiffened, his eyes like those of a wolf on the grasslands, greedily watching Tang Guo. He noticed her curved eyebrows, straight and beautiful nose that seemed to flutter slightly, the small cherry-red lips with a clear outline, full and red. Anyone who saw them would want to kiss her.

Tang Guo continued caressing Li Weijie's member with her delicate hands. He suddenly grabbed her and kissed Tang Guo passionately.

She responded eagerly, her hand still moving. He reached down to find that she was already wet.

Li Weijie signaled for Tang Guo to stop and pressed her down, holding his hard member and slowly entering her.

"Oh... Mr. Li, it feels so good..."

Tang Guo let out a joyful moan as Li Weijie thrust vigorously.

Gradually, her cries grew louder. Soon, she reached her first climax.

Li Weijie paused to kiss Tang Guo's beautiful lips and caress her breasts.

"Ah... ah... I'm going to fly..."

Tang Guo's eyes closed tightly, her teeth clenched. Her legs straightened as she clung to Li Weijie's waist, trembling and sweating profusely.

Her previous climax had not yet subsided when Li Weijie brought her back, his large member thrusting in and out. She was gasping for breath, her long legs tightly wrapped around his broad back, swaying and thrusting.

Li Weijie's member moved in and out of Tang Guo's vagina, excitedly. She let out soft moans.

Tang Guo gripped the edge of the tub tightly, her body swaying back and forth as she met his thrusts with her ample buttocks.

"Ah... ah..."

Tang Guo could not bear the pleasure and climaxed again, her uterus tingling.

In less than half an hour, Tang Guo had three climaxes and fainted. Li Weijie did not let up.

"Oh... oh... so comfortable..."

Tang Guo's desire was rekindled, and she let out joyful moans.

Finally, a spasm occurred, and a stream of fluid flowed from her nether regions.

Seeing Tang Guo was too weak to continue, Li Weijie withdrew his member and inserted it into her cherry-red lips...

After about ten minutes, Tang Guo's throat made gulping sounds as she swallowed the liquid in her mouth. She wiped her lips and sucked on them, smiling seductively at Li Weijie, "Mr. Li is so amazing; it took you this long to release. You tired me out, but your taste was wonderful, a feeling I've never had before."

Li Weijie was surprised by Tang Guo's reaction. It seemed she was completely captivated by him; a courtesan saying such words made Li Weijie feel proud. He laughed heartily, "Is that so? Then I'll let you taste again when there's a chance. Don't call me Mr. Li anymore; I'm Li Weijie."

"Then I'll call you Brother Li."

Tang Guo said happily, "Brother Li, don't play tricks on me. I really like serving Brother Li."

She then lay her head on Li Weijie's broad chest.

Li Weijie saw Tang Guo's happy expression, genuine and not a professional act. He thought to himself, "Could this little girl have fallen for me? It's impossible!"

<><><><><><><><><><><><> "This place is really noisy!"

Li Weijie sat in the bustling discotheque, sipping Bordeaux wine with a frown.

Ma Kai and another woman were in the bathroom, so Li Weijie was alone. Tang Guo had been called away by other guests; she was booked by a regular customer.

Li Weijie was not a millionaire and could not afford to keep her as his mistress. After all, she still had to work; this was the reality.

Amidst the deafening heavy metal music, several women with slender waists and black bikinis were wildly dancing on a high stage in the center of the dance floor. Their long hair flowed with the wind, and their white skin contrasted beautifully with the black bikinis.

In the dim light of the discotheque, hundreds of young men and women were dancing wildly to the powerful music. Around the dance floor, people sat crazily, whistling and swaying in their chairs, creating a frenzied atmosphere.

Although the discotheque was dimly lit, Li Weijie's vision from breaking through to the second level of "Punching Scripture" was as sharp as infrared, allowing him to clearly see every corner.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> Chapter 005: Robbery and Assassination

In the northeast corner, two lecherous men were selling ecstasy to several young boys and girls who looked underage.

Not far away, in a corner where the lights did not reach, two women with revealing clothes and heavy makeup were sitting on the laps of two men who exposed their chests, wildly dancing to the music.

On another side, several young girls with blank expressions were sitting and shaking their heads wildly, drooling without noticing. Nearby, some young men with dyed hair and tattoos were fondling the girls through their dresses.

"Handsome man, would you buy me a drink?"

Li Weijie turned his head to see a beautiful woman who had moved next to him without permission. He said impatiently, "Sorry, I don't have the habit of buying drinks for others."

"Handsome man, you'll get used to it!"

The woman moved closer to Shen Qing.

"Miss, I prefer drinking alone. Please don't disturb me."

Li Weijie's face turned cold.

"Hmph!"

The woman stood up, walked away grumbling, "Stupid guy!"

Seeing the departing beauty, Li Weijie smiled helplessly. This was already his third young woman who had approached him; he wondered why he wasn't as popular with girls before. In fact, after breaking through to the second level of "Punching Scripture," his aura had changed, making him attractive to women.

Li Weijie sniffed himself, wondering if he emitted a scent that attracted women like in romance novels. The result was predictable.

Feeling the place too noisy, Li Weijie stood up and left. He didn't look for Ma Kai; it was a good thing someone else paid, so he wouldn't disturb their enjoyment.

Exiting Caesar's Palace, he saw a row of taxis. A doorman waved to call one for him.

Li Weijie nodded, got in the car, and it drove away.

At Lotus Community, Li Weijie paid the fare and watched as the taxi left. He turned around to leave.

Suddenly, a red car screeched to a halt beside him. Before he could react, the door opened.

"Bang!" Li Weijie was knocked to the ground. A lithe figure leaped out of the car. Li Weijie, who was not injured, quickly stood up.

A woman emerged from the car holding a Tang sword. The bright sword added to her graceful demeanor, but Li Weijie sensed a killing intent from her.

Before she approached, he smelled a pleasant fragrance like orchid and musk. He recognized the perfume as "Shadow II," a limited edition worth $300 an ounce, and looked at her with new eyes. This woman was truly wealthy!

Wait a moment, she seemed familiar; where had he seen her before?

Her long hair cascaded like a waterfall. Li Weijie's eyes brightened as he saw her beautiful face.

Her eyebrows were perfectly arched, large eyes like autumn water, and fine curled eyelashes made her eyes even more alluring. Her straight nose was delicate like jade, and her soft red lips glowed faintly, making one want to kiss them. Her naturally beautiful face was flawless and exquisite!

A beauty, a stunning beauty! A graceful lady with an extraordinary presence. And she was young, no more than twenty?

Li Weijie's mind went blank for a moment; his eyes widened in surprise. He never expected her face to be so beautiful, dazzling and heart-stirring.

Suddenly, two figures leaped towards the woman. They left a blur in the air; if Li Weijie's recent rapid progress hadn't been so great, he would have seen only a flash. But in his eyes, two fierce men with expressionless faces were swinging large knives at the woman.

Seeing their skilled and precise moves, Li Weijie worried for her.

But this woman was no weakling. Her Tang sword flashed, and the sound of metal clashing filled the air as they exchanged blows in a blink. In Li Weijie's gaze, they had already fought over ten rounds.

Right! He saw this woman in the gym; she was Lin Jingya, a yoga instructor.

If there had been only one man, perhaps Lin Jingya could have handled it. But two men with skills equal to hers were too much.

In a moment of distraction, Lin Jingya let out a muffled cry as her shoulder was slashed. Blood flowed freely.

In an instant, Li Weijie glanced at the injured woman and leaped forward. He kicked one man away with a powerful leg, then appeared beside Lin Jingya, slicing the wrist of the other man. The sword fell as he grabbed her waist and ran away.

Lin Jingya, perhaps due to blood loss or other reasons, softened in his embrace.

Lotus Community had complete facilities. Li Weijie carried Lin Jingya to Lotus Heart Park and hid in a dark corner.

"Shhh..."

He quickly tore off a piece of cloth from Lin Jingya's clothes and wrapped her wound.

In the dim night, two men quickly approached. The scene outside Lotus Community had alarmed the security guard, who called the police.

Soon, the siren of a police car sounded. One man frowned and said, "Damn, she got away."

The other man added, "Who knows where that kid came from; his skills are so high. They say there are many skilled people in the world, and today I'm convinced."

Knowing they couldn't win against the police, the two men wisely chose to leave.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> Chapter 006: Corpse

Li Weijie had Lin Jingya lean against a tree. No matter how beautiful she was, she was still a beauty. Whether standing or sitting, leaning or lying down, all her beauty abstracted into a delicate curve that spread out and then concretized into poetic fantasy, which condensed into the shadow of a curved line.

Only because Li Weijie was too nervous did he not notice Lin Jingya's beauty. His hand seemed to rest on a soft, rounded part of her body. When he realized the pursuers were not coming and regained his senses, a faint fragrance of youth greeted him.

Li Weijie subconsciously grabbed it; soft and tender, like holding a piece of jade. A gentle cry echoed in his ear as he felt his hand being slapped away.

Li Weijie came to his senses, raising his head. He saw a flushed and angry face, her cheeks rosy with anger.

Seeing Lin Jingya's glare, Li Weijie was startled. He saw the wrinkled mark on her white blouse where his hand had grabbed, realizing what he had done. He quickly said, "Sorry, sorry, I didn't mean to..."

Lin Jingya's face turned red. She bit her lip and glared at Li Weijie, then lowered her head to see the faint handprint on her white blouse. Her face turned even redder.

Seeing Lin Jingya's embarrassed expression, Li Weijie felt awkward. Suddenly, he noticed the blood-soaked cloth strip on her wound and realized she must have been seriously injured.

Lin Jingya softly said, "I have medicine..."

She stopped. Li Weijie was puzzled and looked at her wound again, his heart racing as he saw her body slightly leaning forward. Her loose collar revealed the valley between her breasts and a hint of cleavage.

The valley connected to her shoulders, outlining her upper body's grace and curves. When she breathed, the subtle valley was alluring. Her breasts were visible under her half-cup bra, with a deep cleavage and white mounds almost showing the pink tips. Li Weijie felt his lower body harden, and when she looked up, he saw her white, round mounds.

Lin Jingya's face turned red and said, "I'm too weak. Can you get it for me? The medicine is..."

Miss, can you finish your sentence at once? Li Weijie nodded and finally heard after a few seconds that the medicine was in her necklace.

Men's inner beauty refers to what is inside. Li Weijie looked down, seeing the deep cleavage and a thin necklace in between her breasts. The long chain was hidden in the valley, explaining why he hadn't noticed it before.

Breasts are a symbol of femininity. The cleavage is irresistibly alluring, showcasing women's grace and sensuality. In this age of necklaces and low-cut clothing, you can reveal your cleavage to look more seductive and attract attention.

Li Weijie coughed, pulling the necklace from between her breasts.

Women's cleavage is intimate and highlights their maternal nature, with soft curves that evoke desire to touch. Although his mind was filled with unhealthy thoughts, Li Weijie did not take advantage of the opportunity to fondle her. Lin Jingya blushed, but it was brief as he quickly pulled the necklace out.

Taking a deep breath, Li Weijie tore off the blood-soaked cloth. He pulled down Lin Jingya's sleeve, revealing a white, smooth arm with a long gash on her shoulder. The wound was indeed severe.

Li Weijie lifted Lin Jingya's arm, revealing the armpit. The armpit is a hidden beauty that women often neglect due to excess flesh on the upper arm. It can make one more alluring when raised, and simple exercises can tone it. As a yoga instructor, Lin Jingya's slender arms were also alluring.

Li Weijie opened the necklace and sprinkled some powder on her wound. The powder quickly stopped the bleeding.

Relieved, Li Weijie tore off a large piece of cloth from her clothes and wrapped the wound. He glanced at her flat, smooth belly with a small navel, imagining it as he wrapped the wound. Her skin was like cream, her waist forming a perfect curve, and her buttocks were rounded, making her figure almost perfect.

As Li Weijie thought about these trivial things, a soft moan brought him back to reality. Lin Jingya opened her eyes, which had been closed since he started taking the necklace off. She saw Li Weijie smiling at her.

Li Weijie looked into Lin Jingya's eyes and said, "Thank you for saving me."

Li Weijie chuckled and asked, "Why did those two men want to kill you?"

Lin Jingya's face changed as she looked at Li Weijie. "Some things I can't tell you; you are my savior, and I don't want to involve you in this."

Li Weijie shrugged and said, "If that's the case, I won't ask. How are your injuries?"

Lin Jingya slowly sat up and said with a faint smile, "Thank you for bandaging my wound. If possible, I will repay you."

Li Weijie watched as Lin Jingya stood and walked into the darkness.

Seeing her swaying figure, Li Weijie wanted to follow but finally shook his head and turned towards Lotus Community.

In the distance, Lin Jingya watched as Li Weijie's figure disappeared and sighed softly, "My identity is exposed; I can't go back."

Although Lin Jingya saw Li Weijie's strength, she decided not to involve him due to her identity and the enemies she faced.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> Chapter 007: Car Accident

It was not late, and Li Weijie hurried home to avoid worrying Xia Weiwei.

"Screech..."

The long screeching sound was piercing, followed by a loud crash.

"Thud..."

Li Weijie saw a black Audi with its side door dented, the airbags deployed. A woman with blood on her face was slumped by the driver's door, perhaps injured from the collision or the airbags.

Seeing her in distress, Li Weijie rushed towards the accident. As he got closer, he could clearly see that she was beautiful with arched eyebrows, a straight and delicate nose, cherry-red lips, and snow-white skin. Her breasts were prominent under her blue dress, but blood was dripping from her forehead and staining the front of her blouse.

"Tap... tap... tap..."

The smell of blood hit him. Li Weijie grabbed the car door and shouted, "Are you okay? Wake up!"

He knew she might be in danger. He had to save her.

Through the shattered glass, he confirmed there was only one person in the car. He pulled on the deformed door but it wouldn't budge.

"Hey, can you hear me? Wake up!"

He kept talking to her and wrapped his arms around her ribs, pulling her out through the window.

Fortunately, she wasn't trapped by the seat. He lifted her over the airbag and out of the car.

She remained unconscious, with blood on her face. She was a beautiful woman in a blue dress that accentuated her slender, graceful figure and long legs. Her skin was smooth and white.

Without resting, Li Weijie broke the rear window and retrieved her bag. He found a Nokia phone and dialed for an ambulance and the police.

After hanging up, he looked at her. She was beautiful with prominent breasts and a round bottom. Her slender waist could be grasped in one hand, her soft red lips inviting.

Her blood was alarming. Li Weijie became anxious; she might be in danger if he delayed.

What to do? After some thought, Li Weijie lifted her bag and took a deep breath. He put her on his back.

She leaned against him, feeling the warmth and comfort of his broad back. He ran quickly but smoothly.

Lotus Community had a hospital nearby, but there was a barrier on the road. The ambulance would have to take a longer route.

Li Weijie ran towards the barrier, leaped over it with great force, landing gracefully. Her pale face turned rosy.

Li Weijie had jumped 1.5 meters before, but now with a woman on his back, it was more challenging.

She rested her head on Li Weijie's shoulder, feeling the warmth. The street was empty; soon, ambulance sirens were heard.

Li Weijie shouted loudly, "Stop here!"

The driver turned and rushed towards them. The ambulance stopped, and the attendants quickly placed her on a stretcher.

Li Weijie followed them, his heart relieved.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> At 11 PM, a doctor approached Li Weijie who was waiting on a bench.

Seeing the blood on him, the doctor frowned and said, "Young man, are you injured? Let a nurse check you."

Li Weijie shook his head and said, "It's her blood; I'm fine. Doctor, how is she? Is there any danger?"

"She has multiple abrasions and a head wound. Overall, not serious. Are you her family? We need to contact her relatives."

"I'm not."

Li Weijie handed the woman's bag with her phone to the doctor.

After the doctor left, Li Weijie slipped out of the hospital unnoticed.

At the accident scene, police lights flashed, creating a disorienting effect. Previously, there was a report of someone being slashed; now, another accident with a car bearing government plates.

Li Weijie avoided the police and returned to Lotus Community via a longer route.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> Chapter 008: Nightwear

Tonight, he saved two beautiful women. One was not small; her ample parts were more than his hand could grasp.

Returning to his Lotus Community home, Li Weijie took out the key and saw the door open.

Xia Weiwei looked at him, blood-stained. She was surprised but relieved when he said it was from the accident and not his.

She pulled him inside. Wearing casual clothes, she said, "I'll get you some medicine."

Li Weijie smiled and said, "I've already taken care of it; no need to trouble you."

Returning to his room, Li Weijie sighed and sat on the bed. His face was pale.

His body had changed recently, but he hadn't found a way to use it efficiently. He was using it instinctively.

Lying down, he panted and smiled wryly. He couldn't get involved in others' affairs anymore; if he hadn't run fast, he might have been injured.

Li Weijie was smart. He heard the woman's troubles and thought it best not to get involved with someone he didn't know. That was why he let her go.

Every day, people faced death; he wasn't a god and couldn't save everyone.