Wang Xiaoyan licked his fingers as if they were lollipops, and that lewd manner was completely different from her usual friendly and dignified appearance in the office; it was truly unbearable.

Liu Bin became excited, quickly stripping Wang Xiaoyan's clothes off and pressing her down. He first gently massaged her chest with his fingers, then unexpectedly grabbed both breasts firmly and squeezed them vigorously.

After a while, Liu Bin slowly moved his hand down. Wang Xiaoyan couldn’t bear Liu Bin’s playfulness and shook her body, saying: “Don’t… don’t play anymore… come in… come in!”

Liu Bin then stripped himself naked, revealing his… ha-ha-ha… little earthworm. It was really a tiny earthworm, heavens! Ha-ha-ha-ha… that poor little earthworm tried to grow bigger but finally only became the size of a caterpillar.

Liu Bin pulled Wang Xiaoyan’s legs apart, lifted his little caterpillar and tried to insert it between her thighs. But due to either the wrong position or its shortness, he couldn’t get it in.

Wang Xiaoyan was worried and regardless of sitting on the table, she spread her legs as far as possible, guiding his little caterpillar forward. A sound of “splat” was heard and it went all the way in.

Wang Xiaoyan seemed to be enjoying it, calling out: “Ah… so full… and so comfortable…”

Damn! She was screaming from being penetrated by a little caterpillar, what a waste. If it were me on top of her, hmm, where would she be?

Liu Bin played with Wang Xiaoyan’s prominent breasts with one hand, while his lower body thrust upwards frantically. Looking at him so desperate, he seemed to wish for a penile enlargement surgery in South Korea to turn his little caterpillar into a sausage.

Liu Bin’s white buttocks moved back and forth, this lewd scene was incredibly stimulating to Li Weijie.

Suddenly, he felt someone blowing wind in his ear. Turning around, wow! It was Shen Moinong! Her face showed a sickly pale red.

Li Weijie shook his shoulders and said: “Moinong, don’t… don’t do that. If they find out it won’t be good.”

Heavens! How could there be such similar people in the world, not just appearance but temperament. And Li Weijie’s tone was becoming more and more like him. Shen Moinong giggled and said: “What’s there to be afraid of? They are busy… they won’t notice us…”

Li Weijie smelled alcohol from Shen Moinong’s mouth. Oh no, could it be that she was drunk? Her alcohol tolerance is so poor? I saw her drinking juice!偏偏这时候给她发酒疯，老天爷啊！我该怎么办？ Li Weijie felt speechless.

Wang Xiaoyan had turned around and was lying on the table, Liu Bin playing with her prominent breasts from behind while watching Wang Xiaoyan’s graceful movements under his little caterpillar. This dual stimulation made him even more excited, hugging her tightly and increasing the pace.

Shen Moinong suddenly leaned on Li Weijie’s back, her full and high breasts pressing against his back. The scene before him was tantalizing but he couldn’t reach it.

This feeling of “seeing but not touching, hungry for the little brothers” was already making Li Weijie uncomfortable. Shen Moinong’s actions were almost killing him.

Li Weijie’s little brothers in his pants had unknowingly risen to form a tent.

Tensely, Li Weijie said to Shen Moinong: “Moinong, what are you doing? Ah… don’t touch there…”

Shen Moinong not only ignored Li Weijie but also reached to his little brothers, surprisedly saying: “Heavens! Weijie, I didn’t know your endowment was so impressive…”

This is too much… oh no, it’s too excessive. The time and place are not right, changing the time and place would be better…

Li Weijie grabbed Shen Moinong’s hand, angrily whispering: “Moinong, what are you doing? Don’t do that…”

Perhaps because Li Weijie’s voice was too stern, Shen Moinong stiffened for a moment and then quickly left his back, sitting silently beside him.

Shen Moinong’s pretty face was pale, her eyes filled with tears but she bit her lip to stop them from falling.

Seeing Shen Moinong’s teary eyes, Li Weijie almost regretted it. He knew he had hurt her heart and wanted to apologize but didn’t know how.

The sexual scenes on the screen were still beautiful, but Li Weijie no longer cared and couldn’t get excited anymore.

“Lin Yixun, you stinky whore, don’t let me touch you, saying you want to wait until marriage…”

The rest of the words were unclear. Finally, after a series of intense movements, Liu Bin and Wang Xiaoyan panted heavily as they hugged each other.

Li Weijie and Shen Moinong quietly left because if they stayed any longer, they might be discovered. When leaving, Li Weijie wanted to apologize to Shen Moinong but hesitated for a long time and couldn’t find the right moment.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> In the Audi car, the atmosphere was somewhat gloomy.

“Shen…”

Li Weijie looked at Shen Moinong’s glance and quickly changed his words: “Shen, let me tell you a joke!”

Before Shen Moinong could speak, Li Weijie started talking: “There was a couple from the 80s. One day, the wife and husband went to the supermarket and bought a lot of snacks (the husband was usually very frugal). After coming out, the wife said she wanted to buy some spicy duck necks. The husband didn’t say anything and they were silent all the way back. When they got close to home, the husband asked the wife: ‘Why didn’t you talk all this way? It’s not like you. Are you angry?’ The wife didn’t say anything, but continued: ‘Actually, I feel guilty for not buying the necks you like.’ The husband was touched and paused. Then he suddenly said angrily: ‘You two mouths just know how to eat.’” Shen Moinong was stunned for a moment, then reacted and glared at Li Weijie. Her pretty face turned rosy.

“Shen, I know you are in a high position and must be under great pressure.”

Li Weijie smiled and said: “Sometimes you need to exercise more, laugh more, learn to release pressure. What kind of sports do you like?”

She cares about me! Shen Moinong’s heart warmed a little and she said: “Swimming, diving, tennis, fitness…”

“Shen, you are so young and beautiful, with such talent. There must be many people pursuing you.”

“Mm-hmm.”

“A woman with a natural fragrance is very rare, right?”

“Should be…”

Shen Moinong stared at Li Weijie in surprise and accidentally stepped on the accelerator, almost colliding with a truck ahead.

She was thinking about her feelings towards Li Weijie. The first time she met him at the Yulong Building, knowing he wasn’t hired, she used her power to get him into the company. Just now at the Mulan Club, she found herself losing control of her emotions and talking absentmindedly with Li Weijie. She didn’t expect to fall into his trap.

“Squeak!”

Shen Moinong suddenly stepped on the brakes, stopping the car by the roadside. She said coldly to Li Weijie: “Get out.”

“Shen, don’t be angry.”

Li Weijie defended himself: “I was just praising you…”

“…”

“A natural fragrance is something to be proud of, no need to hide it.”

Li Weijie wasn’t lying. He did have a fragrance from his shower gel, but only after bathing. Now it was just sweat smell. “I also have a non-natural fragrance, milk-scented. Do you want to smell it?”

“…”

“Shen, don’t worry.”

Li Weijie touched his nose and regretted revealing Shen Moinong’s secret. “I will keep this in my heart, won’t tell anyone. Your fragrance has only been smelled by me…”

Shen Moinong said expressionlessly: “I have arrived at my place.”

Li Weijie knew he had to get out. After getting out, he looked up at the silver letters of “Shangri-La” on the signboard and asked: “You live here?”

The Shangri-La International Hotel was one of the five-star hotels in Donglai City, with luxurious decoration and complete facilities. Of course, its consumption level was also astonishing.

Shen Moinong said irritably: “Yes, I come here every day.”

“Every day?”

Li Weijie said in surprise: “How much does it cost?”

Seeing his expression, Shen Moinong couldn’t help but laugh and said: “I just came back from America recently, haven’t had time to buy a house. I don’t want to live with my family because I’m used to being independent abroad, so I have a long-term room here. Of course, I come every day.”

“That must cost quite a bit…”

Li Weijie couldn’t imagine living in a hotel instead of his villa.

“Haha, the Tianfeng Group has shares in this hotel, so I don’t spend much.”

“Oh!”

Li Weijie suddenly understood. The chairman of the Tianfeng Group was Shen Moinong’s father, so his daughter naturally wouldn’t spend much here.

Li Weijie wasn’t clinging but hadn’t apologized for tonight’s incident, so he was still lingering. Finally, the kind-hearted beauty gave him an excuse by saying she wasn’t angry, but women’s words sometimes need to be taken with a grain of salt. Only God knows their true feelings deep down.

However, Li Weijie hoped Shen Moinong wasn’t really angry. Otherwise, working under her would be a disaster.

It’s either good luck or bad luck; Li Weijie soon realized he had overestimated women’s tolerance. Wanting them to have a broad-minded heart like their great chests was wishful thinking.

After Shen Moinong entered the hotel, Li Weijie stood outside the Shangri-La International Hotel, feeling depressed and indignant.

She had a car, why didn’t she take him home first…

<><><><><><><><><><><><> Chapter 24 Showgirl

Li Weijie lay on his back, looking at the shadowy ceiling, feeling somewhat annoyed. Because Liu Bin’s coarse language during climax gave him a lot of imagination. He hadn’t touched Lin Yixun, did she do this for him? Memories of his time with Lin Yixun kept flashing in his mind, so even though it was almost one o’clock at night, he couldn’t sleep and kept tossing and turning in bed.

“What time is it? Still not sleeping? You have to go to work tomorrow!”

His current girlfriend Xia Weiwei muttered and turned over, continuing to sleep facing Li Weijie.

Li Weijie looked at the time on his phone, it was already 12:40 AM. He should sleep, after all, he had to go to work tomorrow and couldn’t afford to be listless. So he carefully turned over, lying opposite Xia Weiwei.

Li Weijie closed his eyes for a while but still couldn’t sleep. He opened them and admired Xia Weiwei’s beautiful face under the moonlight.

Li Weijie kept looking at Xia Weiwei’s delicate face, gradually feeling a surge of desire. These days, Li Weijie was busy with work during the day and reading professional books at night. Moreover, Xia Weiwei’s period had just started, so they hadn’t been intimate for three or four days.

The white moonlight shone on Xia Weiwei’s sleeping body, making her look ethereal in the darkness. He looked at her smooth forehead, dense eyelashes, even breathing, and the deep cleavage revealed by her side position.

Li Weijie felt a heat rising from his lower abdomen, and Xia Weiwei’s little brothers started to stir. He couldn’t help but stretch his hand into her nightgown, gently stroking her smooth skin. Gradually, he stopped at the prominent breasts and lightly touched them.

Under the moonlight, Xia Weiwei’s face turned rosy, her breathing became faster. Li Weijie knew she was awake and reacting to his teasing, so he smiled and squeezed harder with both hands.

“Stop it, it’s late, let me sleep.”

Xia Weiwei complained.

“My love, I want you.”

Li Weijie said and pinched her pink nipples hard.

“Ahh…”

Xia Weiwei was surprised by the sudden touch and just wanted to complain when her moist mouth was sealed by his lips. Under Li Weijie’s dual stimulation, Xia Weiwei’s desire couldn’t be contained any longer. Her hands frantically tore at his nightgown.

Similarly, Li Weijie quickly stripped Xia Weiwei’s nightgown off. They soon became a pair of naked fish, unable to breathe.

Xia Weiwei’s exquisite breasts hardened under Li Weijie’s hands and lips, emitting soft moans.

Li Weijie continued his assault, gently caressing her back and kissing her earlobe. Xia Weiwei’s moans grew louder, enticing and soul-stirring.

When Li Weijie’s hand moved to the area between her legs, Xia Weiwei couldn’t hold back any longer. She wriggled and said: “Ah… I want it, come in quickly, I can’t bear it anymore…”

Li Weijie stopped his exploration and thrust into her depths. They hugged tightly, as if merging their bodies.

“Ahh… so beautiful… so comfortable…”

Xia Weiwei panted, hugging Li Weijie tightly like a sea anemone, moaning softly.

“Good wife, is this comfortable?”

Li Weijie laughed and pressed Xia Weiwei onto the bed. His hard member entered her from behind, thrusting fiercely, making her pant and moan.

Facing Xia Weiwei’s smooth back and plump buttocks, he held her round thighs tightly, thrusting fiercely into the depths of her.

The scene before him and the flesh below were truly a man’s paradise, a place of joy. Li Weijie laughed lecherously and roughly ravaged Xia Weiwei’s flower.

Xia Weiwei’s furrowed brows relaxed, her slender hands loosened their grip on the sheets. Li Weijie embraced her waist and back.

Her beautiful face bloomed with a contented smile, her eyes filled with desire, her lips softly moaning.

Xia Weiwei’s heart was in a daze, but she blushed and said: “Ah… you’re so naughty… you bully me… for such a long time still haven’t come out… you’re really strong…”

Seeing Xia Weiwei’s beautiful buttocks being slapped by his abdomen and the wetness between her legs, Li Weijie thought: “Let’s try the菊花now…”

He made Xia Weiwei lie on her stomach. Li Weijie fondled and kneaded her flower-like buttocks, soft, tender, full, and narrow. Her菊花was clearly visible.

Li Weijie’s hand caressed the wet valley, spreading her juices on the outside of her菊花and probing inside.

“Ahh… ahh… it hurts…”

Xia Weiwei trembled softly, panting and moaning.

“Good wife, can I have this too?”

Li Weijie inserted his member into her菊花.

“Ahh… no, don’t… it hurts… too big…”

Xia Weiwei moaned in shock. Her body lifted slightly, her hair swaying, her legs trembling with pain.

Seeing Xia Weiwei’s discomfort, Li Weijie gently inserted his member into her wet entrance. He thrust deeply, enjoying the tightness and warmth of Xia Weiwei’s flower.

Xia Weiwei moved her buttocks gently, matching his thrusts. She panted and moaned: “Ahh… so beautiful…”

The vigorous thrusting produced slapping sounds and wet noises.

“Ahh… I’m dying… ahh…”

Xia Weiwei’s body began to arch and tremble, her flower continuously flowing with moisture. She collapsed on the bed.

Li Weijie continued his assault, pressing Xia Weiwei’s full buttocks and thrusting deeply.

“Ahh… ahhh…”

Xia Weiwei moaned continuously, panting and trembling.

After the climax, her sensitive body couldn’t take any more. A wave of unprecedented pleasure surged from her flower and spread throughout her body.

Xia Weiwei was already aroused, her desire fully awakened. Her flower continuously flowed with moisture and she moved her buttocks to match his thrusts, encouraging him with moans.

Her slender waist swayed gently, her flower lips trembling. Xia Weiwei felt a strange, full and tingling satisfaction.

Xia Weiwei panted and moaned continuously as she climaxed repeatedly.

Li Weijie thrust deeply into her flower, feeling a wave of pleasure and shuddering with excitement. He released his seed in waves.

Xia Weiwei was exhausted, leaning against him and lying lazily on the bed.

Li Weijie panted as he withdrew from Xia Weiwei’s body, lying beside her. He felt content and soon fell asleep in her gentle embrace.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> The next morning, Li Weijie and Xia Weiwei got up early. One had to go to work while the other went to the library.

Li Weijie ate Xia Weiwei’s breakfast and read the newspaper.

“‘Price List for Nurturing University Beauties in Zhonghai City’ Can you nurture a beautiful university girl for 20,000 yuan? Recently, such a post has become popular online. It lists the prices for nurturing university beauties in Shanghai universities, with the cheapest being 20,000 yuan per year. Many netizens said it’s not expensive and even developed an interest in nurturing…”

The top part of the price list was covered by a business card, only showing some school names and prices. The highest annual living fee is 500,000 yuan per year.

The list was as follows: “Zhonghai Foreign Language University: 140,000-70,000 yuan per year; Zhonghai University: 100,000-60,000 yuan per year; Zhonghai Polytechnic University: 80,000-50,000 yuan per year; Zhonghai Normal University: 70,000-45,000 yuan per year; Zhonghai Business School: 60,000-40,000 yuan per year; Zhonghai Tourism College: 30,000-10,000 yuan per year; Zhonghai Vocational College of Physical Education: 20,000-7,000 yuan per year. Art schools: Zhonghai Music College: 20,000-10,000 yuan per year; Zhonghai Drama College: 30,000-20,000 yuan per year…”

“Nurturing a ‘university beauty’ isn’t that expensive!”

Li Weijie said with a sneer and read it to Xia Weiwei. She smiled and said: “Probably someone’s joke! There are many rumors about university girls being nurtured in society and schools, but I think it’s a minority. Many of my friends are very beautiful and capable, earning plenty on their own. Why would they need to be nurtured?”

Men are loyal because the cost of betrayal is low; women are virtuous because they haven’t been tempted enough. So there’s no right or wrong between men and women. If he had a few million, would he also nurture a university girl? Ma Kai was nurturing three university girls outside.

“Everyone has their reasons for acting, we shouldn’t interfere as long as they don’t regret it.”

Li Weijie finished his last piece of bread and milk, got up to go to work. Xia Weiwei helped him with his tie and clothes like a wife.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> The time was the same as usual, but today’s subway station seemed a bit restless. Three long-haired beauties were wearing white towels as dresses, and Li Weijie’s eyes were fixed on the top of their towels. The deep cleavage was enticing, barely covering their snow-white breasts. Water droplets rolled down from their wet hair, blending sweetly with the skin. The scene was truly captivating.

The white towels revealed their snow-white, round and slender legs.

The three beauties exposed their shoulders and legs, tying up their hair and wearing high heels. They chatted casually while waiting for the train.

Donglai City’s social atmosphere was becoming more open, and they were wearing such revealing clothes. Li Weijie and others watched in amazement. No wonder the air was hot today; how could men not feel hot?

Fortunately, everyone just watched and no one touched them. The police officers didn’t drive them away either, so the situation was legal unless they disturbed other passengers.

Li Weijie said with a hint of regret: “The only downside of the towel dress is that you can’t see their waists.”

He noticed the three beauties would stop in crowded places and move when people dispersed. He realized they were warming up for a product promotion.

Li Weijie walked closer and recognized the three beauties. He had an excellent memory, so he could recall most of what he saw.

Sure enough, after a moment’s thought, Li Weijie remembered. One of the beauties was Wen Xi (Vincy), who had appeared on TV; another was 21-year-old model Manto, a brand ambassador and fashion show model. The last one surprised him when she looked up at him and blinked quickly—Oh my God! She was Su Yuya’s goddaughter, Li Yuqian, who had just returned from abroad.

Her slightly damp hair was tied up; that’s why he didn’t recognize her immediately. Li Weijie shook his head and smiled.

Li Yuqian had just bathed, looking fresh and beautiful like a lotus. Her trembling breasts and slender legs almost made Li Weijie’s nose bleed.

Li Yuqian whispered to the other two beauties and walked over to Li Weijie, smiling: “Can’t recognize me? Hehe, do you think I look good?”

Beside such a beautiful woman, Li Weijie could smell her fragrance. He looked up and saw her prominent breasts, half-covered by the towel but outlining her curves perfectly. Her chest rose and fell rhythmically.

In face-to-face conversation, he smelled the fragrance in her hair. He quickly looked down at her legs and almost reached under the towel to touch her mysterious spot, wondering how many men had similar thoughts.

Images from adult films kept flashing in his mind. His lower body was swelling rapidly, knowing he had to act soon because someone was filming them.

“Why are you dressed like this? Are you promoting a product? Deodorant? Towel?”

Li Yuqian giggled and said: “I’m promoting a well-known brand’s deodorant. The main activity is wearing towels or robes for 8 hours, doing daily activities like shopping and chatting…”

Sweat! Li Weijie felt sweat pouring down. What a little witch, he couldn’t figure out how Su Yuya, so elegant and graceful, had such a quirky goddaughter.

“Why didn’t you call me?”

Li Yuqian asked first. When she saw Li Weijie and Su Yuya dining together, she left and whispered her phone number to him. But he didn’t call her, making her lose a limited edition LV bag in a bet with friends.