Speaking as he did, Li Weijie began to caress Xia Weiwei’s smooth back; she still bore a thin layer of sweat from their recent lovemaking.

Xia Weiwei’s figure was truly excellent, save for the absence of model-like slender legs, her other parts were nearly perfect. Her waist was fine and her buttocks full; she had a flat abdomen, with skin as white, smooth, and tender that it seemed to break under the touch.

Li Weijie marvelled at why he had so easily succumbed, but thought that it would be a sin not to be captivated by such a perfect woman.

“Ah,” a blush crept up Xia Weiwei’s face as Li Weijie rolled over and pressed her beneath him, gently kissing her cheek.

Xia Weiwei’s face was already flushed red; her breasts rose and fell with each quickened breath. Li Weijie’s hands, restless, found their way to her proud bosom, firm yet soft with maternal tenderness.

Bending down to kiss her, from lips to neck and then to the bosom, Xia Weiwei’s post-bath body exuded a captivating fragrance. Li Weijie’s hands caressed her rounded shoulders, soft peaks, and smooth abdomen, finally reaching between her legs…

“Ah…”

Xia Weiwei trembled, murmuring softly. Instinctively she tried to close her legs but was held apart by Li Weijie’s leg.

At this point, after a round of flirtation, both their bodies were filled with desire once more. Their strength had nearly returned and a spark ignited the passion in their hearts, heralding another round of battle.

Li Weijie slowly parted her snow-white and rounded legs with his knee, his palm sliding into the intimate place once more to gently caress Xia Weiwei.

Xia Weiwei was already wet and slippery, in the best state. When Li Weijie’s fingers teased her most sensitive pearl, Xia Weiwei could not help but sigh and moan softly.

Knowing that the preliminaries were in place, Li Weijie thrust his waist sharply; his member and her vagina fit perfectly.

He entered smoothly but did not rush, leaning over to Xia Weiwei’s upright peaks and sucking on the red dots with his mouth, gently biting them while one hand caressed her snow-white and rounded thighs.

Xia Weiwei felt a tickling sensation in her lower body, as if countless ants were crawling all over her. It was so uncomfortable that she moaned softly in invitation, urging him to begin.

So Li Weijie began to move slowly, thrusting and withdrawing. His member brought out spring water from her flower stem, flowing onto the white bedsheet, a beautiful sight.

Under the intense stimulation of this dizzying pleasure, Xia Weiwei’s full and rounded breasts rose and fell. The beautiful woman panted and moaned urgently, her voice soft and shy as she sighed.

“Ah… hmm… so deep… how can it be so… comfortable… ah ah… so delightful…”

Xia Weiwei could not help but wriggle and pant in response. Her pair of snow-white, smooth, slender legs would lift lightly or lie flat at times; unknowingly, the graceful and alluring beauty’s elegant legs wrapped around Li Weijie’s waist, tightening and lifting shyly with each thrust.

Xia Weiwei, under the swelling in her lower body, actively wriggled her snow-white and plump body, urging him to move faster.

Seeing her passionate response, Li Weijie was greatly delighted. He first stared at her pretty face and then reached out to grasp one of her full, rounded breasts in his palm before slowly entering deeper until he was at the end of her flower palace. While playing with her fullness, he asked, “Weiwei, are you comfortable?”

Xia Weiwei blushed all over but the swelling in her body was indeed delightful, so she could only sigh and murmur shyly, “So full… really so full… you make me feel very comfortable…”

“Do you want me to continue moving?”

Li Weijie, speaking those embarrassing words, switched to playing with Xia Weiwei’s pair of beautiful breasts, pressing out a deep valley between them.

“Ah… yes… I want you to love me… want you…”

Xia Weiwei could not help but pant and murmur softly.

“Then use your legs to wrap around me.”

Li Weijie, breathing heavily, buried his head in Xia Weiwei’s neck and began to thrust with his hips. He gently pulled out the entire member from her entrance, then deeply entered again, gradually increasing in speed and intensity.

He reached between them with his hand to caress Xia Weiwei’s core of desire, bringing her passion to its peak.

“Ah… Weijie… so stimulating… ah… so comfortable…”

Xia Weiwei’s jade-like body was filled with spring passion, panting and softly moaning.

Li Weijie continued his fierce assault, the large member causing Xia Weiwei’s head to spin with wave after wave of pleasure. Her spring water flowed uncontrollably.

One wave finally brought her to her first climax, but under Li Weijie’s passionate assault, she experienced continuous climaxes, reaching the pinnacle of ecstasy countless times.

Finally, Li Weijie released his pent-up strength, a volcano erupting with intense spasms and scalding lava spurting out in waves within her.

Xia Weiwei clung tightly to his broad back, her dazed head unable to think as she was overwhelmed by the waves. She could not help but pant and murmur softly.

Under Li Weijie’s final scalding stimulation, her heart was instantly dizzy and her thoughts blank. Her soft, luscious lips let out a delicate, tender moan, and she finally reached the peak of male and female ecstasy for the first time.

Thus Li Weijie “ruined” Xia Weiwei, who had only just transitioned from a maiden to a woman the day before, for over an hour until 8:15. If not for having to go to work that day, he might have stayed in bed with her all day.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> In a blink, Li Weijie had been working at the Tianfeng Group for nearly half a month and was beginning to understand the internal system of the company.

The Tianfeng Group was one of the leading private enterprises in Donglai City, with a promising development trend. It had branches in several major cities across the country and was currently preparing to expand into smaller cities.

Of course, Li Weijie wasn’t too interested in these matters. His main focus over the past few days had been on building good relationships with his colleagues, especially within his own department.

So far, he had managed to maintain a harmonious relationship with his colleagues. Particularly with Huang Ying and Li Na, he could be considered “friends who share everything.” Huang Ying was in the same department as him, which made it easier. As for Li Na, he would occasionally visit her desk when Liu Ruyan was not around to tell jokes, mostly lewd ones, which often made Li Na laugh until she bent over.

As for the department head, Li Jie, Li Weijie didn’t particularly want to curry favor with him, so their relationship was simply that of a superior and subordinate.

However, what most disappointed Li Weijie was not having seen the beautiful woman he had encountered in the elevator during his interview. This left him frustrated.

One day, as soon as Li Weijie entered the office and had barely sat down, Huang Ying approached with a mysterious look on her face. “Something happened, something big.”

Huang Ying seemed to have a good impression of Li Weijie and often sought his help, whether it was fixing her computer or installing games. Naturally, Li Weijie wasn’t averse to these favors and would occasionally take advantage of her when no one was around.

She wore a blouse, with two buttons undone in front. From the front view, one could easily see her arguing peaks and deep cleavage.

Huang Ying wore a women’s work suit, with brown silk stockings hugging her white and tender legs all the way up to the thigh. It was clear that these were fashionable girls’ one-piece stockings, adding a wild beauty to her pure and sexy appearance.

“What happened?”

Li Weijie’s tone was somewhat indifferent. He had just seen some shocking things and his mind was still in a daze. Knowing Huang Ying’s nature, he knew that the more interested he appeared, the more she would tease him. To summarize this “rule,” his wallet had been repeatedly raided by this little demon.

Huang Ying sat on Li Weijie’s desk, her hands resting behind her as she swung one leg. “Want to know?”

Seeing her in such an enticing pose, Li Weijie’s heart itched even more. His eyes kept glancing at her legs under the skirt, forgetting to respond.

Under Huang Ying’s mischievous gaze, Li Weijie finally came back to his senses. With a thick skin, he smiled and said, “Hehe, beautiful lady, if you tell me everything at once, I’ll treat you to lunch today. How about it?”

“Li supervisor has been transferred to another department…”

Huang Ying gave Li Weijie a ‘you got me’ look and slowly said, “It’s Miss Shen Momen, the daughter of the chairman of Tianfeng Group in America. And I heard she’s a rare super beauty and also has a master's degree from Oxford in financial management.”

Seeing Li Weijie’s daydreaming look, Huang Ying pursed her lips and said with a huff, “But no matter how beautiful she is, it has nothing to do with you…”

Li Weijie looked aggrieved. Clearly, she was the one who said Shen Momen was a super beauty; now she was complaining about his daydreaming. How could he not imagine an exquisite beauty in his mind upon hearing such news!

No woman likes it when a man, especially another man, praises her beauty and intelligence in front of her. Huang Ying was no exception.

Li Weijie wanted to defend himself a bit, but colleagues called out for a meeting. The office staff hurriedly headed towards the conference room; although being late wouldn’t deduct their wages, it would leave a bad impression on the boss.

Huang Ying slowly got off the desk. As she did, her right leg inadvertently brushed against Li Weijie’s thigh, and the shine of her stockings made him feel warm. This morning, a soft, snake-like thing had already regained its vigor with a “whoosh,” looking like a dragon and tiger in full spirit.

Seeing the change below, Huang Ying’s face flushed slightly. She gave Li Weijie a flirtatious glance and then giggled, covering her mouth.

In the conference room, one couldn’t dress casually. Huang Ying buttoned up two buttons of her blouse and put on a jacket. Li Weijie, having suffered a loss, naturally couldn’t show weakness; when Huang Ying was adjusting her clothes, he pinched her plump buttocks from behind hard enough to make her nearly scream.

Li Weijie smiled smugly at her, and Huang Ying gave him a thousand flirtatious glances.

In the conference room, they saw that all other members of the credit investment department had arrived. They quickly found seats and waited for the new director to arrive.

Soon, the door opened, revealing a beautiful figure. Li Weijie looked and was both surprised and delighted; the new boss was her.

Chapter 15: Foot Play

It turned out that this new department head was the beautiful woman Li Weijie had met in the elevator during his interview at Yulong Building. This made Li Weijie feel both surprised and delighted; he was surprised that she was the daughter of the chairman of Tianfeng Group in America, and originally thought she was just an ordinary employee like him; he was delighted to see her again. Since that encounter in the elevator, Shen Momen’s image had remained in Li Weijie’s mind, lingering.

Shen Momen was still the same as before; her long hair cascaded over her shoulders. She wasn’t wearing a business suit but instead wore a black tight-fitting dress with a low neckline, revealing some lace from her black bra. Her deep and white cleavage showed the fullness of her peaks, while her long and rounded legs were wrapped in thin silk stockings. She wore black high heels, with her hair radiating a captivating luster and her long lashes curled up, making her large eyes even more alluring.

Li Weijie couldn’t help but marvel at how beautiful and sexy she had become, but his previous unrealistic thoughts about her were completely dispelled. She was the daughter of a chairman with assets over 10 billion, while he was just an ordinary white-collar worker under her. The difference in their status was too great, so Li Weijie didn’t want to become the “toad” that Huang Ying referred to.

Shen Momen sat down at the front of the conference table. Behind her was Vice President Zuo Cheng from the Human Resources Department, who said, “This is your new director, Miss Shen Momen. Everyone, welcome!”

There was an immediate round of applause; this was the daughter of a big boss, and everyone gave her due respect.

Shen Momen gracefully waved her hand and looked around. She saw Li Weijie and gave him a slight smile.

Could it be? It was impossible, they were completely from different circles. But Li Weijie still felt delighted and thought to himself, “She remembers me!”

Although he had given up on any hopes, the fact that a beauty favored him made Li Weijie feel excited. So he quickly gave her what he thought was the most charming smile.

Huang Ying sat diagonally opposite Li Weijie, close to him. Since they were the last ones to arrive, they found a seat that wouldn’t draw attention, with no one beside them.

Big pervert, rascal. Seeing a beautiful woman made him unable to move; seeing Li Weijie’s lecherous smile, if he knew it looked that way to Huang Ying, he would have jumped up in protest. A wave of resentment rose in her heart as she glared at him.

Li Weijie thought she was still angry about his previous “piggy hand” and was ready to apologize, when suddenly he noticed Huang Ying stretching her foot towards his lower body.

This couldn’t be allowed! If she kicked him, he would either become a eunuch or suffer for hours. Li Weijie instinctively spread his legs and pushed forward.

Phew! It was just in time; her foot was caught at the thigh, almost hitting his most sensitive spot. Since they were in a meeting, Li Weijie could only bend forward slightly and press his elbow on the wide conference table, whispering angrily, “Hey, little girl, do you have to be so fierce? Although I love martial arts, I don’t want to practice the Kuihua Classic.”

Seeing Li Weijie’s worried look, Huang Ying suppressed a smile and said softly, “Look if you dare to be so lecherous again…”

To avoid drawing attention from other colleagues, Li Weijie lowered his head and noticed the beautiful foot caught between his legs. Since Huang Ying had taken off her high heels, her leg was stretched out in the stockings, a naked temptation.

Huang Ying’s beautiful legs and feet were very attractive to men, especially when caught between his legs in such an ambiguous position.

According to experts at home and abroad, the feet are one of the most sensual organs in the human body. For a man, women’s feet and legs are the most seductive and lethal weapons. From Cinderella's "glass slipper" to ancient Chinese women’s “three-inch golden lotus” and even the colloquial term "torn shoe," one can sense the ambiguous and imaginative allure of feet.

Li Weijie’s gaze wasn’t satisfied with just the slender, white foot; he followed it up to the delicate ankle, then saw the smooth calf and knee, and finally the snow-white thigh.

Hehe, Li Weijie’s eyes suddenly brightened. Since Huang Ying was sitting and wearing a skirt, when she lifted one leg, he could see a glimpse of the inner thigh.

Huang Ying saw that Li Weijie not only didn’t let go of her foot but was staring lecherously at her leg. She became both embarrassed and angry, trying to pull back the foot caught between his legs.

Li Weijie held tightly; Huang Ying couldn’t pull her foot back. Suddenly, she thought of a plan and pushed upwards with the tip of her foot, aiming for his sensitive spot.

“Sss…”

Li Weijie couldn’t help but suck in a breath, trying to suppress the sound.

You think you’re so tough! You won’t let go of my leg, will you? Huang Ying’s eyes lit up with satisfaction at her successful sneak attack. Seeing Li Weijie’s expression of “pain,” she pushed harder, even though he held her tightly. She wouldn’t give up; that spot was one of the most sensitive areas for a man, and even with her not much strength, it would hurt him.

Li Weijie indeed looked pained; the pleasure was too intense to bear, but he had to suppress it so as not to be noticed. They were in a meeting welcoming the new department head, and all colleagues were present; he had to endure.

Seeing beautiful legs, even a glimpse of the inner thigh, would excite any man. Now, with Huang Ying’s foot rubbing against his crotch through thin pants, it brought not just pleasure but a strange stimulation.

Huang Ying’s foot moved, and Li Weijie came back to his senses. He tightened his legs, wanting to prolong this mix of pleasure and pain. The heated spot was being pressed by the pants; suddenly, a foot rubbing against it made him grit his teeth to avoid making noise.

Huang Ying felt her foot touching a hard, hot spot through the pants and knew it wasn’t just pressure. She called Li Weijie a big pervert in her heart and decided to continue her attack.

Huang Ying’s foot moved, sometimes the toes, sometimes the sole, rubbing against his crotch through thin pants. Li Weijie’s body was secretly enjoying it; he could still hear Shen Momen’s concise speech, her sweet voice making him imagine the moans of actresses in adult films. His body became even more excited.

Surprisingly, Li Weijie’s mind could still analyze the issues discussed in the meeting…

Huang Ying increased her foot movements, and Li Weijie smiled inwardly. His body began to respond consciously, subtly moving his waist in rhythm with the massage.

To Huang Ying, this was him trying to avoid her attack. She felt even more pleased and looked at Li Weijie’s “painful” face, daring him to do anything.

Li Weijie’s eyes widened as he saw Huang Ying’s white, full breasts moving with her breath and posture. The deep cleavage was visible between the buttons of her blouse, and the lace of her bra could be clearly seen.

Two red nipples stood firm; naturally, this was Li Weijie’s imagination, but the rest was clear.

“Humph, you’re not being honest!”

Seeing Li Weijie’s expression brighten and become even stranger, Huang Ying smiled with satisfaction. She increased the speed of her foot movements.

“Huang Ying, do you think there are any areas in this proposal that need to be supplemented?”

Shen Momen’s voice suddenly rang out, calling Huang Ying by name.

Although Li Weijie and Huang Ying were sure Shen Momen couldn’t see what they were doing due to their positions, Huang Ying hadn’t heard the question clearly and didn’t know how to answer.

Huang Ying quickly wanted to pull her foot back, signaling Li Weijie with a glance to let go.

Hearing Shen Momen speak, Li Weijie felt an intense rush of pleasure that he couldn’t control. As Huang Ying pulled her foot back, the heat burst forth.

In that moment, Li Weijie’s mind was blank as he looked at Shen Momen’s beautiful face in his last moment of fantasy.

Shen Momen noticed Li Weijie’s strange expression and the bold look in his eyes, as if he wanted to devour her.

What is this warm, sticky liquid flowing onto my toes? It can’t be… Seeing Li Weijie’s excited expression, feeling the heat and pulsing, and seeing the suspicious liquid, she realized what had happened!

Shen Momen was still waiting for her answer. Huang Ying quickly pulled back her foot, blushing furiously and looking down.

“I think there are some inaccuracies in the audit report. We can go for an actual inspection and then decide whether to give them a loan…”

Huang Ying’s voice sounded like a savior, rescuing her from embarrassment.

Shen Momen looked at him deeply and nodded. Her soft lips opened, saying in a delicate voice, “Let’s adjourn.”

Chapter 16: Body Fragrance

The meeting was brief, showing the new director’s practical spirit. After the meeting, colleagues left one by one.

Huang Ying left with a lowered head and flushed face. As she walked, she discreetly passed him a handkerchief under the table.

Not in vain did he speak up to save her; this little demon was grateful. Li Weijie, afraid of being seen with his disheveled appearance, pretended to be busy writing on a notebook.

Finally, after using up the handkerchiefs, Li Weijie felt that the stains on his pants were less noticeable and returned to the credit investment department.

He had nothing much to do; when the clock on the wall pointed to 4:45, Li Weijie started packing up to leave.

The phone rang; it was Wang Yan, Shen Momen’s secretary. She said, “Li Weijie, Director Shen wants you to come to her office.”

After hanging up, Li Weijie’s face showed a strange expression. He wondered what she wanted.

Shaking his head, he stopped speculating and went to Shen Momen’s office.

Li Weijie glanced casually and saw Huang Ying sitting at his desk, staring blankly at the computer screen.

He knocked on the door and entered. Shen Momen was buried in work, with piles of documents on her desk.

Li Weijie waited for a while but didn’t hear Shen Momen speak. Looking at her beautiful face, he felt warm and couldn’t help saying, “I didn’t expect you to become my immediate superior.”

“Surprised?”

Shen Momen looked up, smiled gently, and said, “Don’t you want to work under a woman?”

“I don’t discriminate against women,” Li Weijie hurriedly said. “I’m not a chauvinist, just surprised. Didn’t you say you worked at Tianfeng Group?”

“Yes, I do work here! Now we’re colleagues, just that you’re a level lower.”

“You’re not an ordinary employee; you’re the chairman’s daughter, practically the boss of a branch.”

Li Weijie said half-jokingly and half-seriously, “At least you’re a small boss.”

Shen Momen smiled slightly. “Alright, let’s not talk about this. I called you here to ask if you can accompany me tonight.”

“Where?”

“You said you wanted to inspect it personally, didn’t you?”

Shen Momen gave him a look and picked up her LV bag worth three months of Li Weijie’s salary. “It’s time, let’s go.”

Shen Momen’s car was a red extended-wheelbase Audi A8L. Li Weijie, who often watched auto shows, knew it was a new model just released in America. Compared to the old Audi A8’s boxy, grand style, the new model added many sporty elements, a perfect blend of dynamism and luxury.

Sitting in the passenger seat of Shen Momen’s red Audi A8, he enjoyed the soft Valonea leather and the comfortable massage from ten air cushions. The foldable table in the center console turned the spacious rear into a temporary office for business; the refrigerator provided fresh food anytime, and the independent air conditioning system in the back was controlled by at least 25 electric motors for precise temperature adjustment. The luxurious interior, perfect design, and top-notch craftsmanship made Li Weijie marvel again; even this car alone would take him a lifetime to afford.

Inside the car, there was a faint fragrance like a blend of lily and rose, lasting but not overpowering.

“Director Shen, what perfume are you using?”

Due to Lin Yixin’s fondness for perfumes, Li Weijie couldn’t help but take a greedy sniff. Shen Momen, focused on driving, noticed his subtle action.

Involuntarily, a blush crept up Shen Momen’s earlobes and spread to her neck. Because her skin was so fair, the blush stood out like spring peach blossoms.

This fragrance wasn’t from perfume; it was her body scent, being sniffed by a man, truly embarrassing.

Of course, she couldn’t tell him the reason. “Well,” to ease her embarrassment, Shen Momen asked out of context, “Weijie, can you drive? Would you like to take the wheel?”

Li Weijie shook his head. He had driven a few times with Ma Kai in college but didn’t have a license.

“Not being able to drive makes it inconvenient when you go out on business.”

Shen Momen said calmly.

“Alright, find some time to get a license. The company will cover the cost.”

Such an opportunity? Li Weijie’s heart stirred, thinking, “Does this mean she’ll soon give me a car? Or does it mean we’ll have many opportunities to go out together?”

Regardless, Li Weijie was delighted. “Sure, I’ll get it as soon as possible, thank you Director Shen.”

Shen Momen glared at Li Weijie and said teasingly, “Call me Momen when no one is around; Director sounds so formal.”

Li Weijie nodded eagerly. Usually, calling someone by their first name was reserved for close friends; she must really like him.

He couldn’t help but look at Shen Momen, who was driving. Her oval face, eyebrows like willow leaves, slightly upturned nose, and cherry-red lips were captivating. Her black eyes were clear yet misty, making one’s heart tremble.

She was focused on driving, her long hair flowing in the wind. Her neck was white and slender, with a prominent chest, flat abdomen, and slim waist. Most alluring were her long, smooth legs in sheer stockings, perfectly proportioned with no extra flesh. Her rounded buttocks and long legs formed a beautiful curve.

Her full buttocks were slightly raised, her breasts high and firm. Graceful and charming, she was a perfect woman—beautiful figure, stunning looks, and unique charm. Her talent and family background were outstanding. Li Weijie was captivated when she suddenly asked, “Am I beautiful?”

Li Weijie, caught off guard, stammered and quickly looked away. “Y-yes… beautiful…”

Seeing his embarrassed look, Shen Momen asked playfully, “Compared to your girlfriend, who is more beautiful?”

“Both are beautiful.”

Li Weijie wouldn’t say his girlfriend was inferior. “Their personalities are different; she is gentle, reserved, and understanding, quiet, composed, and meticulous. She values the details of life, content with a simple, happy, and comfortable life without pressure or turmoil. You remind me of everything intense and fast-paced; you are decisive, strong-willed, and independent. You use your mind well, rarely acting on emotion, and are successful in business.”

“Oh! Is that so? Am I really as good as you say?”

Shen Momen’s tone was somewhat melancholic. Li Weijie sensed she had some emotional setback but didn’t know how to ask, so he remained silent.

At 6:30 PM, outside the Amber Restaurant on Construction Road.

It was quitting time; if they went straight to inspect the project, it would be late. They needed to eat first, and naturally, Li Weijie wouldn’t pay.

He thought it would be a simple meal to fill their stomachs, but the restaurant was a high-end Western one. Shen Momen pointed at the large sign and said, “This Western restaurant has chefs from France; the food is quite good.”

“I prefer Chinese cuisine.”

Li Weijie was a typical supporter of Chinese cuisine, disliking foreign food. “Earning Saudi wages, living in British houses, using Swedish phones, wearing Swiss watches, getting Thai massages, driving German cars, flying American planes, drinking French wine, eating Australian seafood, smoking Cuban cigars, wearing Italian shoes, watching Austrian operas, buying Russian villas, hiring Filipino maids, and having Israeli bodyguards. Doing all that, you can be a Chinese official.”

“Why didn’t you say marrying Korean women and having Japanese mistresses, playing with Spanish girls?”

Shen Momen finished his sentence with a smile and walked towards the restaurant. “Foreign food may not match Chinese cuisine, but there are some signature dishes worth trying.”

When they entered the restaurant, Li Weijie felt awkward. Since being in public view, most of the diners and waitstaff were staring at them with a look of “fervor.”

Their eyes seemed to be swallowing, chewing, and digesting…

This woman exuded a mysterious aura that could stimulate male hormones.

Although Li Weijie wore a suit for work, it was clearly inferior. Under the intense gaze of those men, he whispered to Shen Momen, “It’s embarrassing walking with you.”

“Haha…”

Shen Momen gently rubbed her itchy earlobe and said softly, “Look at the table to your left; there are a few pretty girls staring at you.”

“I read their thoughts in their eyes,” Li Weijie glanced at the three girls and said, “They’re wondering why I’m with you.”

“Let them wonder,” Shen Momen shook her long black hair and said, “What would you like to eat? There are many delicious dishes here.”

“Whatever you prefer,” Li Weijie had romantic dinners with Lin Yixin and once with Su Yuya, but this was his first time in such a high-end place.

Shen Momen chose a table by the glass wall. The waiter asked, “What would this lady like?”

“Marseille fish soup, foie gras, Paris lobster, red wine chicken, beef tenderloin… a bottle of Cognac cherry brandy.”

Shen Momen didn’t look at the menu but listed dishes Li Weijie had heard of but never seen.

“Very well, please wait a moment.”

The waiter quickly wrote down the dishes and bowed before leaving.

After eating Western cuisine and drinking red wine, they went to a hotel…

“Excuse me…”

A friendly voice interrupted Li Weijie’s fantasy. The waiter pushed a cart to their table and said, “Your dishes are ready; is it okay?”

“Sure.”

Li Weijie waved his hand, signaling them to hurry.

“Please enjoy your meal.”

The waiter filled half a glass of brandy with a handkerchief and bowed before leaving.

French cuisine was famous for its exquisite presentation. The steak, brushed with a red liquid on the white porcelain plate, emitted a creamy aroma and looked beautiful.

Li Weijie’s attention was mostly on Shen Momen, who ate elegantly. As for the French cuisine, he wolfed it down and couldn’t understand why the bill was so high.

<><><><><><><><><><><><> After dinner, Shen Momen took him to a high-end clothing store. As he tried on the various high-end items she picked for him, he was almost certain that tonight’s outing wasn’t just a simple inspection.

As the saying goes, “A Buddha needs gold to adorn him; a person needs fine clothes.” Li Weijie had chosen a deep blue suit, but it looked more formal with white shirt. Shen Momen suggested he choose a lighter-colored, more casual suit instead. Looking at himself in the mirror, Li Weijie smiled; the beautiful saleswoman by his side couldn’t help but praise him.

International brand suits, ties, and watches… Shen Momen picked everything for Li Weijie and let him dress himself while she went to the women’s section.

Li Weijie put on all the items Shen Momen picked out and stood in front of the mirror again.

He was stunned; the mature, scholarly, even somewhat noble young man in the mirror was really him?

“Sir, your smile is charming; your girlfriend has good taste.”

Li Weijie’s girlfriend had good taste, indeed.