Guan Yu swiftly dodged behind a tree branch. At that moment, a sky-blue serpent swiftly emerged from the tree hollow. Its scales glimmered brightly under the moonlight. Feigning terror, Guan Yu exclaimed, “There’s a snake! It scared me to death!”

Yingshan Gu (Mountain Camp Aunt) smirked dismissively. As the serpent darted toward her, she extended her plump, pale hand and seized its tail with a vice-like grip. With a forceful whip of her arm, she slammed the creature against the trunk with a resounding *crack*. Her other hand shot out, precisely clamping the snake’s neck. A sickening *snap* echoed through the night as its head lolled lifelessly.

Maintaining his terrified expression, Guan Yu thrust a thumbs-up toward Yingshan Gu. “Aunt Yingshan’s prowess is unmatched! To dispatch such a venomous creature so effortlessly!”

The woman chuckled derisively. “A grown man frightened by a mere serpent? How pitiful. Though this little fiend carries lethal venom. One bite, and not even the finest physicians could save you.”

Guan Yu remained cowering behind the branches. “Dispose of it quickly! It’s ghastly!”

With a contemptuous flick, Yingshan Gu hurled the carcass into the darkness. “Enough theatrics. Produce the treasure map immediately.”

“Auntie! Haven’t I risked enough guiding you here? These woods teem with dangers. Since you fear nothing, retrieve it yourself!”

**Chapter 2498: Life Over Treasure**

Yingshan Gu considered briefly. At this stage, the whelp likely harbored no tricks. Having dealt with venomous creatures for decades, she approached the hollow confidently. “Very well. I’ll retrieve it myself.”

As her arm plunged into the hollow, Guan Yu contemplated drawing his concealed firearm. At this proximity, even her renowned qinggong couldn’t evade a point-blank shot. Yet glancing around, he noted shadowy figures encircling them – likely occupants from the black van that had trailed them. Engaging now risked confronting her accomplices.

Yingshan Gu withdrew a cloth-wrapped bundle, eyes gleaming with avarice. “You didn’t lie, boy. This must be the map!” Unfolding the fabric revealed a leather fragment etched with cryptic markings.

“Indeed,” Guan Yu confirmed. “That’s the sole fragment I obtained.”

Sudden movement rustled through the surrounding foliage. A dozen black-clad figures materialized, encircling the willow. “Freeze!” barked a masked leader. “Surrender the map!”

Though anticipating their presence, Guan Yu feigned alarm. “Auntie! Who are these brigands? Map thieves?”

Yingshan Gu’s expression hardened as she scrutinized the armed circle. Concealed faces and leveled pistols offered no clues. “Come to steal my hard-won prize?” she sneered. “This old crone doesn’t surrender treasures easily.”

Guan Yu’s voice quavered. “They’re armed! Surrender the map – our lives matter more!”

“Pathetic worm! Cowering before popguns? I’ll shield you.” Her confidence contrasted starkly with the encircling threat.

“Ten seconds!” shouted a gunman. “Throw it down or become Swiss cheese!”

Clutching the map, Yingshan Gu retorted, “Insolent pups! Dare you challenge the Poison Mistress of Mount Ying?”

“A dung beetle who flings toxic fumes,” mocked the leader. “Qinggong won’t outpace bullets. Yield or die!”

“Today’s misfortune is yours!” Yingshan Gu suddenly relented, hurling the bundle downward. As a gunman reached for it, six venomous centipedes scuttled from the cloth, swarming up legs. Screams erupted as toxins took immediate effect.

Seizing the distraction, Yingshan Gu rained more arthropods upon the group like malignant confetti. Chaos ensued – men stomped futilely on leaf-strewn ground while comrades collapsed, limbs blackening.

Gunfire erupted. The obese woman defied physics, her bulk twisting through bullet trajectories. A silver needle flashed, felling two attackers. Grabbing a human shield, she redirected his firearm, forcing him to gun down allies.

From her distant vantage, Xue Jing trembled, willing Guan Yu to safety. He signaled restraint – intervention risked becoming targets themselves.

When smoke cleared, Yingshan Gu stood victorious amidst carnage, the final gunman’s body riddled. Survivors drew machetes, circling warily.

“Come then!” she goaded, though blood seeped from multiple wounds. The remaining trio attacked in concert. A well-timed thrust pierced one heart; a stolen blade severed another’s arm. Yet a flanking strike gashed her left bicep.

“You’ll regret this!” Enraged, she entered a berserk frenzy, felling three more before staggering, pallid from blood loss. Producing a vial, she dusted the wound with black powder, instantly stanching flow.

“Finish her!” urged the last attackers. As blades descended, Yingshan Gu rolled clear, snatching an unused pistol from a corpse. Two shots dropped the final opponents.

Guan Yu observed, perplexed. “That firearm should’ve been empty...”

“The first victim never fired,” Xue Jing realized, emerging from cover. “We must flee before she discovers the map’s counterfeit.”

“She lacks reference for authentication,” Guan Yu reassured. “But police will investigate gunfire. To Qiaoyuan District –”

His phone interrupted. An unknown female voice demanded: “I’ve three million for Gao Bing’s ransom. Name the exchange.”

“West City outskirts,” Guan Yu dictated. “No tricks.” The line died abruptly.

“Foul-tempered wench,” he muttered. The game continued.