Guanyu was inwardly anxious, but there was nothing to be done. Previously, he had thought his cultivation method was flawed – perhaps after losing his memories, he had forgotten his original training techniques, causing his cultivation to stagnate. Now he understood the true culprit was the seal in his brain.

Had Second-to-Wolf continued fighting earlier, he would have undoubtedly suffered defeat. Being beaten by Guanyu would have been utterly humiliating. If word spread, Second-to-Wolf would never dare show his face again.

Yet upon reflection, losing to Guanyu wasn’t truly shameful. After all, freaks like Guanyu were exceedingly rare – perhaps he was the only one of his kind in this world.

“Hmm, that must be the case,” Guanyu said casually. “At the very least, I believe I was a peak Realm Sovereign expert before being sealed. What do you think?”

Chapter 2,320: Thick-Skinned Indeed

“Though the concept of peak Realm Sovereign strength is nearly unimaginable, it’s not entirely impossible,” Second-to-Wolf nodded before continuing, “If you truly possessed such power before losing your memories... that would be terrifying. Such a being would be akin to a deity.”

As he spoke, Second-to-Wolf sighed with mingled admiration and longing. “Who knows when I might reach such heights? The peak of the Realm Sovereign stage... how alluring.”

“Pah! An old log like you?” Guanyu teased. “Your current cultivation is already at its limit. Breaking through would be extraordinarily difficult.”

“Mock me all you like,” Second-to-Wolf retorted. “Do you think yourself impressive now? Even if you were at the peak before, currently you’re just a measly Second-Class Sovereign. Hah!”

“What of Second-Class?” Guanyu laughed boisterously. “This Second-Class can still pummel a First-Class!”

“Care to test that claim? How about with weapons?” Second-to-Wolf’s eyes gleamed. With his warblade in hand, he felt certain of victory.

Guanyu immediately deflated. Continuing this rivalry would only end badly. He swiftly changed tack: “Ah, but I lack a proper weapon. Fighting your blade bare-handed would be disadvantageous.”

“Cowardice dressed as reason!” Second-to-Wolf guffawed. “I never realized your face was so thick-skinned!” Suddenly remembering something, he added, “Speaking of weapons – you left a golden dagger with Yingzi. Quite extravagant, using gold for a blade. Useless soft metal. What was the point?”

“Oh? I left such a thing?” Guanyu asked curiously.

“Without doubt. Yingzi clutches that dagger daily, pining for you. I initially thought you’d abandoned her, tossing gold as payment. I nearly went to Huaxia to kill you.”

“But after investigating in Huaxia,” Second-to-Wolf continued, “I learned you’d lost your memories after being injured. Observing you covertly, I realized you were someone trustworthy and righteous.”

Guanyu was surprised by this unexpected praise. He’d always aimed to be respected, but never anticipated such regard. The golden dagger mystery, however, remained lost in his fractured memories.

“I’ve no recollection of any dagger,” Guanyu admitted, frustration tingeing his voice. Just moments ago, he’d considered memory loss inconsequential – now Second-to-Wolf prodded precisely where it hurt.

Even if he asked his HuaYu Group sisters about the past, they’d refuse. Worse, their tempers when provoked... Guanyu feared nothing in heaven or earth except those two sisters’ wrath.

“So I gave Yingzi a gift? At least she wasn’t left empty-handed during this long wait,” Guanyu mused.

“You’ve some conscience,” Second-to-Wolf grumbled. “Yingzi clutches that dagger daily, chanting your name. All this time you never appeared. Her devotion deserves better than your cursed brain seal.”

A realization struck Guanyu. Yingzi knew him before the amnesia – she might hold answers! His sisters would scold inquiries, but Yingzi...

“Can you contact Yingzi?” Guanyu asked urgently. “I need to ask her something.”

Second-to-Wolf produced a phone, dialing through static and international roaming delays. When connected, his voice softened remarkably: “Yingzi? What are doing?”

A sweet, delicate voice answered in Japanese before switching to Mandarin: “Brother! I’m cooking dinner. Why call now? Do you miss me?”

“Guess who wants to speak?” Second-to-Wolf teased in Mandarin, passing the phone.

Yingzi’s breath hitched. The homebody girl rarely socialized. Hearing Mandarin... could it be...? Her cheeks flushed crimson.

Chapter 2,321: Caution

“W-who wants to talk?” Yingzi stammered.

Second-to-Wolf beamed, his joy at Yingzi’s happiness evident. “I’m with Guanyu. He has questions. Answer carefully.”

A clatter echoed through the line. “The rice pot!” Yingzi exclaimed. “N-nothing serious! Just... startled.”

“Nervous about speaking to Guanyu?” Second-to-Wolf chuckled. “He doesn’t bite. You’ll have to face him eventually.”

Guanyu took the receiver. “Yingzi? It’s Guanyu.” Silence answered. He glanced at Second-to-Wolf, who understood – Yingzi was undoubtedly weeping.

The girl who papered her room with Guanyu’s photos, who tracked his every news story, who laughed at his triumphs and wept at his struggles... Hearing his voice after endless longing overwhelmed her.

“Yingzi?” Guanyu pressed gently, hearing muffled sobs. Guilt twisted his heart. “I’m sorry.”

The apology broke her completely. Sobs racked the line as months of pent-up emotion poured forth. The brothers waited patiently – sometimes tears were the only salve.

When the storm subsided, Yingzi sniffled: “Forgive me... I... I’ve missed you terribly.”

“The fault is mine,” Guanyu replied gently. “Your sorrow is justified.”

Yingzi forced cheerfulness: “What... what did you want to ask?”

“Before my amnesia – what was my cultivation level?”

She pondered. “You were magnificent... but I wasn’t a cultivator then. I don’t know specifics.”

Guanyu’s hope dimmed. Even Second-to-Wolf slumped. Another dead end.

Chapter 2,322: Apologies

Yingzi continued, “After you left, Brother made me start cultivating. I’m now a mid Third-Class Sovereign!”

Guanyu managed a smile. “Impressive progress.”

But the revelation about his past remained elusive. The mystery of the golden dagger and sealed memories lingered, as thick and impenetrable as ever.