“Big brother, are we just going to leave Niu Niu and the other two? They’re so drunk, what if something happens?” After exiting the restaurant, Zhao Jing’er glanced back worriedly.

Guan Yu, supporting Du Xiaojuan, also looked back and smirked. “If we interfere, *that’s* when something would happen.”

“Why?” Zhao Jing’er blinked her large eyes.

Guan Yu chuckled. “Drunken recklessness is human nature. Haha.”

“Brother, what’s ‘druken recklessness’?” Zhao Jing’er pressed, her student’s curiosity ignited.

“Uh…” Guan Yu hesitated, realizing her innocence. “They already have girlfriends. It’s not our place to meddle.”

Zhao Jing’er nodded. “Sister Xiaojuan is drunk. What should we do?”

“Take her back to the dorm, then I’ll treat your illness,” Guan Yu said.

Zhao Jing’er blushed furiously at the word “treatment,” recalling past intimate sessions.

Guan Yu smiled. “I’ve observed your condition. While progress is good, a full cure will take time.”

Using his Detection System, Guan Yu had analyzed her condition. Though improving, a full cure required patience.

“Where… will you treat me?” Zhao Jing’er whispered.

“A hotel,” Guan Yu replied casually.

Zhao Jing’er froze, her face crimson. Guan Yu awkwardly laughed and escorted Du Xiaojuan to her dorm.

Meanwhile, Wang Zhen and his friends, still drunk, babbled about Guan Yu’s “six wives,” shocking the onlookers.

“Gao Wei? Wen Qing? A gang leader?” The girls gasped.

The next morning, Guan宇 rushed to the airport to pick up Wen Qing, his second “wife.”

At the airport café, two men watched him.

“So this is Guan Yu? Doesn’t look like much,” a pale, languid man sneered.

Yang Yang, Wen Qing’s former suitor, glared. “He’s a gangster who controls N市’s underworld. A man like that shouldn’t exist.”

“Let’s greet Jiang Ziqi. His fiancée’s lover is here.” The pale man smirked.

As Guan宇 waited, Wen Qing appeared, radiant in a fitted blouse and jeans.

“Husband!” She rushed into his arms.

“You’ve gained weight,” Guan宇 teased, eyeing her chest.

Wen Qing playfully swatted him. “Husband, you’re terrible!”

Suddenly, security surrounded them.

“We’ve received a tip about contraband. You must come with us.”

Wen Qing glared. “This is a setup!”

Guan宇 calmly complied but warned, “Cross me, and you’ll regret it.”

As he was led away, Wen Qing dialed a number, her eyes cold.

The scene faded, leaving three men watching—Yang Yang, Xu Yuan, and Jiang Ziqi, whose gaze sharpened at the sight of his rival.