“Li Zhi pointed at the five underlings who came with him and said, "These guys will be more than enough to satisfy you tonight. Then I'll film it and post it online. Let everyone know that Guan Yu's woman got gangbanged and loved it. Just imagine his green-faced rage when he sees it. Isn't this better than just beating him up? Hahaha..."

Wen Ya's face turned ashen. She never imagined Li Zhi would resort to such despicable methods against Guan Yu.

Moreover, she herself would be the direct victim.

She glanced at the five thugs behind Li Zhi, noticing their lecherous grins as they stared at her.

Her pretty face paled. Clenching her teeth, she declared, "I'd rather die than let you have your way!"

"Die? Even if you die, we'll still have our way with your corpse!" Li Zhi snarled, eyes glinting viciously.

"You're shameless!" Wen Ya spat, face white with fury.

Li Zhi sneered, "Of course. My boys wouldn't enjoy fucking a corpse. Where's the fun in that? Might as well make good use of this camcorder I brought to film our little orgy!"

Wen Ya's expression turned resolute. She'd already decided - if Li Zhi dared violate her, she'd choose death over humiliation.

The room fell into eerie silence.

This quiet only intensified Wen Ya's anxiety. Her body began feeling inexplicably warm and restless.

After a moment, Li Zhi checked his watch and glared at Wen Ya impatiently. "Wang Er, did you buy fucking fake drugs? Why isn't this slut showing any reaction?"

Wang Er stepped forward, leering at Wen Ya's voluptuous figure. "Boss, the drugs are genuine. Super potent stuff - guaranteed to keep us going all night."

Wen Ya's face filled with horror.

Chapter 845: Guan Yu's Wrath

At this moment, Wen Ya finally understood why Li Zhi hadn't feared her committing suicide - he'd drugged her with powerful aphrodisiacs while she was unconscious.

The burning sensation in her body intensified. Her skin flushed, breathing grew ragged, and her vision blurred.

"Boss, it's working!" Wang Er exclaimed excitedly.

Li Zhi's cruel smile widened. "Let's see how these studs satisfy you tonight, you bitch!"

As the five men swarmed forward, tearing at Wen Ya's clothes and exposing her delicate shoulders, Li Zhi positioned his camera with bitter resentment - his own ruined manhood leaving him out of the "fun".

"You'll pay for this!" came the weak voice of Bald Qiang, battered but defiant on the floor.

Li Zhi sneered, "I'll be on a boat out of here tonight. Let Guan Yu try finding me!" He raised a steel pipe menacingly. "But first... let's see how your asshole likes this!"

The sudden crash of the door flying off its hinges interrupted them. There stood Guan Yu, eyes blazing with lethal fury.

"I declare - your limbs are forfeit!"

What followed was a whirlwind of violence. Five thugs fell in under a minute, limbs twisted grotesquely, heads bloodied.

Guan宇 turned to the injured Bald Qiang. "Can you hang on?"

"Y-yes," Bald Qiang grimaced through the pain of his crushed manhood.

"Good. I'll restore what you've lost," Guan Yu promised cryptically.

As Li Zhi crawled from under the door, his end came swiftly - a snapped neck leaving him lifeless on the floor.

The moment Guan宇 turned his attention to Wen Ya, her drug-addled plea cut through the tension: "Guan Yu... help me!"

Chapter 846: Taking Matters Into My Own Hands

Wen Ya's state was precarious - flushed skin, labored breathing, eyes glazed with desperate need. Her torn clothes revealed tantalizing glimpses of pale flesh.

Though Guan宇 managed to spirit her away in his Mercedes, the aphrodisiac's effects overwhelmed her completely in the backseat. Fingers tore at remaining garments as wanton moans filled the cabin.

"Hot... so hot..."

The car swerved violently as Guan宇's attention wavered, crashing into a roadside boulder. Wen Ya tumbled to the floor, the impact briefly restoring her awareness.

They found themselves stranded in darkness, tension crackling between them. Wen Ya's accusatory glare pierced through Guan宇's guilty conscience.

"Let me... help?" Guan宇 stammered awkwardly.

The temperature seemed to drop as reality reasserted itself. What followed would test both their resolves...