“Hmph, with Grandpa Youqing backing you up, you think you can act recklessly?” Wen Baoguo sneered.

Guan Yu smiled and shook his head. “Not because of Grandpa, but because of you!”

“Me?”

Wen Baoguo stared at Guan Yu as if hearing the most ridiculous joke. “Was my attitude earlier not clear enough? Should I repeat it for you?”

“Regardless of whether you admit it or not, the fact that I'm standing in your study should speak volumes, shouldn't it?” Guan Yu countered.

He paid no mind to Wen Baoguo's blustering demeanor. To Guan Yu, this reaction was expected. It would be more surprising if Wen Baoguo had welcomed him with open arms.

After all, could Wen Baoguo really push his daughter into Guan Yu's arms while begging him to cure his impotence? That would be unrealistic. Guan Yu understood one thing clearly:

Men of status like Wen Baoguo valued their dignity above all. Who didn't want to save face?

Wen Baoguo was left speechless, glaring intensely at Guan Yu. The truth was undeniable - by allowing Guan Yu into his study, he'd already subconsciously acknowledged the young man's presence.

This youth truly understood human psychology, his confidence almost terrifying.

“Uncle, let's cure your impotence first,” Guan Yu said lightly.

Chapter 894: Winning Over Father-in-Law

In the study lay a completely naked man on the sofa, his expression tense. Another man stood nearby, staring with peculiar intensity. To an outsider, the scene might suggest... improprieties.

Guan Yu shook off disturbing mental images. “Are you certain you can cure me?”

Wen Baoguo's tension came from years of failed treatments. Guan Yu smiled confidently: “The effect will be immediate!”

As Guan Yu's hands glowed with blue energy from the ancient copper coin in his mind, Wen Baoguo felt unprecedented warmth spreading through his loins. After three years of impotence, he felt blood rushing where it hadn't in years.

“Congratulations on regaining your manhood!” Guan宇 grinned.

Wen Baoguo stormed out, face flushed with mixed emotions. Though furious, he'd been outmaneuvered. The cure worked - he could no longer deny Guan Yu's place in their family.

Chapter 895: While We're Young, Let's Strive Together

“Dad... what's wrong?” Wen Qing asked anxiously as her father stormed past.

“Don't mind me! I won't interfere with your affairs anymore!” Wen Baoguo snapped.

Guan宇 emerged victorious. Wen Qing threw herself into his arms. “I knew you could do it!”

“Shall we... continue Grandpa's wish for heirs?” Guan宇 whispered suggestively.

Later, in Wen Qing's room, passionate sounds echoed until dusk. As they lay entwined, a phone call interrupted:

“Meet me at the Teahouse Club.” It was Li Xi.

Chapter 896: Reunion with Li Xi

The Teahouse Club's quiet elegance contrasted with Beijing's bustling night. Guided by attendants, Guan Yu found Li Xi - her beauty still breathtaking, like an immortal descended to earth.