“Feng Xin now wanted to immediately crawl out and hang Guan Yu up for a brutal beating. If not for him, would she be facing such an embarrassing predicament? Not to mention lying meticulously under the bed stark naked with another woman, but also having Du Xiaojuan witness her most shameful side.

This was utterly unbearable!

Sigh, neither of them was at fault—it was all Guan Yu’s doing. Feng Xin felt she shouldn’t vent her anger on Du Xiaojuan; it wouldn’t be fair to the latter.

“Xin-jie, how much longer do we have to lie under here? My legs are going numb,” Du Xiaojuan asked pitifully.

“Endure it. We’ll wait until Mo Ling leaves. If she sees us like this now, we’ll never be able to hold our heads up around them again,” Feng Xin replied.

“What if that scoundrel Guan Yu still wants to... do to Teacher Mo Ling what he did to you?” Du Xiaojuan asked curiously.

“If he truly dares, we’ll make sure he can’t do anything naughty for a month,” Feng Xin gritted her teeth.

“But without us, he could still go find Wenqing-jie,” Du Xiaojuan said dejectedly.

“He won’t be in the mood for that,” Feng Xin chuckled darkly.

If Guan Yu knew what Feng Xin was thinking—that if he dared make them watch him frolic with Mo Ling from under the bed, she’d make sure his *manhood* suffered—who knows how he’d react.

“Xin-jie, let me ask you something,” Du Xiaojuan said, bored under the bed and seeking conversation.

“What is it?”

“What’s ‘Guanyin Sitting on a Lotus’? You were shouting that earlier when you and Guan Yu were... up there.” Du Xiaojuan blinked her innocent eyes.

“What? Why ask that?” Feng Xin exclaimed, her head throbbing.

Du Xiaojuan squirmed, her face flushing. “Guan Yu seems to like it a lot. I... just wanted to understand, to be mentally prepared.”

“And that ‘Old Man Pushing a Cart’? He said it’s his favorite position?”

Feng Xin felt her vision darken—this girl was too naive! Such things were supposed to be learned naturally, not asked about!

“That little rascal has plenty of tricks. He’ll teach you himself someday,” Feng Xin said, too embarrassed to discuss this in front of another woman.

“Oh.” Du Xiaojuan sounded disappointed.

“Why hasn’t Teacher Mo Ling left yet? It’s so cold under here,” Du Xiaojuan hugged herself.

*Ah-choo!*

*Ah-choo!*

“What was that noise?” Mo Ling suddenly sat up, her head swiveling like a top as she searched for the source.

“Huh? No noise. You must be hearing things. You’ve had a long day—maybe we should...” Guan Yu tried to usher Mo Ling out, but his hand froze mid-air, his jaw dropping as he stared in shock.

Mo Ling bent down and lifted the bedsheet, exposing Feng Xin and Du Xiaojuan in their nakedness.

After a brief moment of shock and blushing, Mo Ling smiled dangerously at Guan Yu.

Guan Yu averted his gaze, forcing a smile. “You must be cold under there. Put your clothes on before you catch a chill.”

*Hmph.*

*Hmph.*

Feng Xin and Du Xiaojuan blushed crimson, turning away in unison and ignoring Guan Yu.

Though no fight broke out between them, both directed their resentment at Guan Yu. If not for his foolish actions, would they be in this humiliating situation?

At least they had the decency to cover themselves quickly with their nightgowns.

“So this is why you didn’t go to Shi-lei? Hiding beauties under the bed for a threesome?” Mo Ling teased, her smile laced with danger.

Guan宇 coughed awkwardly. “Mo Ling, it’s not what you think. They were...”

“Hmph! On your first night in the new house, you didn’t come to me or Shi-lei, but chose to frolic here! Who do you love more?” Mo Ling demanded, her cheeks puffing in anger.

Feng Xin and Du Xiaojuan also fixed intense stares on Guan Yu.

The situation was precarious.

“Each of you holds an irreplaceable place in my heart. There’s no comparison,” Guan宇 deflected.

“Don’t try to dodge! Love isn’t equal—you must love someone more!” Mo凌 pressed.

“Why did you choose them and not me, Shi-lei, or Wenqing?”

Guan宇 coughed. “I’d love for us all to share a bed, but would you agree?”

Chapter 765: Choosing the Queen

No man with multiple beautiful wives would resist the fantasy of a shared bed.

The idea of caressing Wenqing’s breasts, stroking Liu Shi-lei’s back, watching Feng Xin sway her hips, and disciplining Mo Ling with a whip was intoxicating.

“Daydreaming about a harem?”

“Yes!”

“Am I in it?”

“Yes—whip included.”

A chill ran down Guan宇’s spine as Mo Ling glared at him.

“Care to explain?”

“Uh... hypotheticals!”

“Hmph! Who do you choose tonight?” Feng Xin demanded.

The women united against him.

“Let fate decide.” Guan宇 proposed drawing cards.

Using his探查 system, he rigged the deck to ensure the Queen card went to Du Xiaojuan.

After much drama, Du Xiaojuan “won,” and the others left in a huff.

That night, Guan宇 and Du Xiaojuan finally consummated their relationship, exploring various positions.

The next morning, peace reigned as the women headed to school.

“Remember Wen Ya? The dancer?” Wenqing reminded him.

“World’s small—she’s the one I got fired twice!” Guan宇 groaned.

Visiting her dance class, he found her performance breathtaking—and recognized her as the woman he’d wronged.

“This won’t be easy,” he muttered, dreading the confrontation.