Guan Yu couldn’t care less who she called for help. In this small territory of his, no one could touch him—even without his cultivation, he remained unshaken in this belief.

Noticing the barrage of calls, Wei Hongwei whispered cautiously, “Boss, she’s probably rounded up a crowd. Should we summon our brothers back?”

Guan Yu waved dismissively. “No need. Everyone’s drunk and in high spirits tonight. Let them rest. The trash she’s dragged here isn’t worth worrying about.”

Though initially uneasy, Wei Hongwei relaxed at Guan Yu’s confidence. Jia Bo, slurring drunkenly, chimed in, “Exactly! Even if she summoned immortals, Boss here would handle ’em!” The group erupted in laughter.

Fang Ding, overhearing the exchange, sneered. “Laugh while you can. Soon, you’ll be bawling for your mothers.”

As her words faded, the roar of motorcycles pierced the night. Over twenty bikes flooded the warehouse entrance with blinding headlights, encircling Fang Ding in a semicircle. Each rider wore leather gear and brandished weapons, their predatory gazes locked on Guan Yu’s crew.

A silver Yamaha Bison Custom revved at the front. Its rider, Kang Zi, dismounted and swaggered toward Fang Ding. “Miss Fang, these the punks messing with you? I’ll teach ’em—”

Kang Zi, a notorious figure from Lanzhe Academy, led a small gang known for its ruthlessness. His short fuse and family money fueled a reputation for violence, including a stabbing that got him expelled. Yet his loyal followers stuck by him.

Having known Fang Ding since childhood as neighbors, Kang Zi had long pursued her, though she’d always ignored him. Seizing this chance to impress her, he’d rushed over with his gang.

Fang Ding pointed at Guan Yu. “Him! He tried to gang up on me. Teach him a lesson!” Privately, she wondered if she’d overreacted—Kang Zi’s forty men dwarfed Guan Yu’s thirty.

“Kneel and beg, or I’ll skin you alive!” Kang Zi bellowed, squinting against the headlights. Confident in his numbers, he relished playing the hero.

Fang Ding smirked, striding forward. “Where’s your bravado now, Guan Yu? Scared of a few thugs? Pathetic.”

Guan Yu rose with a cold laugh. Were Fang Ding a man, she’d already be on the ground. “Overestimating yourself, aren’t you, Miss Fang?”

Suddenly, Kang Zi froze. The name “Guan Yu” rang familiar. “Kill the lights!” he barked. As darkness fell, he paled, recognizing the figure before him.

“You’re her backup?” Guan Yu taunted, stepping closer. “Bold move, bringing so few.”

“M-my apologies, Boss Guan! I didn’t know it was you!” Kang Zi stammered, trembling.

Fang Ding gaped. “What’s wrong with you?!”

“You’re Kang Zi from Lanzhe?” Guan Yu asked.

“Y-yes, sir! Please forgive today’s disrespect!” Kang Zi’s mind raced—he’d heard stories of Guan Yu dismantling gangs and humiliating school heads. Crossing him meant death.

To Fang Ding’s fury, Kang Zi bowed deeply. “Miss Fang, you’re picking a fight you can’t win. I’m out.” With a hasty farewell, he roared off, abandoning his chance with Fang Ding rather than risk Guan Yu’s wrath.

Humiliated, Fang Ding seethed as silence reclaimed the warehouse. Guan Yu resumed his seat, smirking. “Got more friends coming? I’ll wait all night.”

“Just you wait!” she spat, dialing frantically. Half an hour later, Mercedes vans with out-of-town plates arrived. Forty men in black suits filed out, disciplined as soldiers.

Their leader, Senior Brother Chen—muscular, stubble-jawed, and Rolex-clad—barked orders. Fang Ding brightened. “That’s him, Chen! Make him pay!”

Chen Yao Fei, heir to the Chen family fortune, had undergone plastic surgery to transform from ugly duckling to suitor. Now posturing before Fang Ding, he sneered at the warehouse. “Who dares trouble my woman?”

Wei Hongwei shot back, “Who’s the mutt barking here?”

Chen smirked at the ragtag group. “Country bumpkins. Tonight, you learn what happens to those who touch what’s mine.”

As his men marched in lockstep, Wei Hongwei stood firm—with Guan Yu here, fear was foreign. The Yu Gang’s faith in their leader was unshakable, even against this polished threat.

Fang Ding, emboldened, lied: “They tried extorting me! I couldn’t run—not my style.”

Chen puffed out his chest. “Don’t worry, darling. I’ll handle these rats.”

Guan Yu watched coolly. The real game was just beginning.