Watching Mo Qingyun’s confident face, Mo Hai smiled indifferently and said coldly, “But it is good this way. I was worried that you would admit defeat right away and leave me no chance to disable your hands and feet, making you a lifelong cripple.”

“Now, let me show you my true strength.”

After Mo Hai finished speaking, his expression darkened as he clenched both fists and the aura of a Sixth Level Body Refinement spread out.

If one observed closely, they could see that there was a thread of forceful qi flowing on Mo Hai’s fists.

“That is the flow of forceful qi. Mo Hai actually condensed a thread of forceful qi!”

“Mo Qingyun is in real trouble now. Mo Hai’s strength has reached the level to compete for the top ten in this month’s elite youth competition.”

…

Some who noticed Mo Hai condensing inner qi were worried about Mo Qingyun.

“Bad, Mo Hai has condensed a flow of inner qi.”

Seeing Mo Hai condensing inner qi, Mo Feipeng immediately stood up to go and block the competition arena where Mo Qingyun and Mo Hai were fighting.

However, at this moment when Mo Feipeng was about to move, a middle-aged man beside Mo Cang revealed a cold smile and said, “Flying Peng cousin, in the youth competition, elders cannot interfere.”

Following this, Mo Feipeng’s path was blocked by the man who spoke.

Seeing his way blocked, Mo Feipeng’s expression darkened and he said angrily, “Mo Zhirong, don’t be too much. Don’t drag our elders’ conflicts onto the young ones.”

“Am I being too much? I am upholding family rules.”

In response to Mo Feipeng’s words, Mo Zhirong replied indifferently and said coldly, “Mo Feipeng, I’ll remind you again. Disrespecting family rules will result in punishment according to the rules. Even if you are the son of the clan leader, you cannot escape.”

“You…”

Under Mo Zhirong’s words, Mo Feipeng was furious and did not know how to refute him.

“Brother, forget it. There’s no point arguing with him.”

Seeing Mo Feipeng’s expression, Mo Yueyu pulled his sleeve and comforted him.

Under Mo Yueyu’s actions, Mo Feipeng sat down, glared angrily at Mo Zhirong and calmed his mind a bit.

He knew that these elders from the elder faction were always looking for their faults and they could not let them succeed.

Then, Mo Feipeng no longer confronted Mo Zhirong and turned to look at the competition arena.

“Mo Qingyun, now do you know how great our difference is?”

At this moment, under everyone’s attention, Mo Hai finally took action.

“Mountain-Breaking Palm”

Mo Hai unleashed a palm, and the forceful qi flowed on his hand, spreading an astonishing aura.

Under his palm strike, it seemed as if the air was about to burst and produced a low rumbling sound like collapsing mountains.

“Mo Hai’s palm is so strong!”

“The Mountain-Breaking Palm technique he uses seems to have reached the level of perfection.”

Seeing Mo Hai’s attack, everyone’s expressions changed and they exclaimed in surprise.

However, when everyone was shocked by Mo Hai’s strength, Mo Qingyun revealed a disdainful expression and said, “Is this your true strength?”

Although Mo Hai’s current strength was not weak, in Mo Qingyun’s eyes, it was still insufficient.

Now his body’s strength had reached the level of an Eighth Level Body Refinement martial artist, and with Mo Hai’s current palm strike’s power, even if he stood still to let Mo Hai hit him, there would probably be no harm.

“Too weak!”

Mo Qingyun shook his head and said with a look of disappointment, “Big talker, let me see how you strike me like a dead dog with one palm!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mo Hai’s expression darkened and he said gritting his teeth.

Then, Mo Hai directly unleashed a palm strike on Mo Qingyun’s chest.

Seeing that he struck Mo Qingyun squarely with one palm, Mo Hai immediately revealed a look of satisfaction and said, “Mo Qingyun, didn’t you say I was too weak? Now how can you not even see my strike and get hit squarely?”

“Can’t see the strike?”

Seeing Mo Hai’s satisfied face, Mo Qingyun smiled disdainfully and said, “Did you not eat? Such little strength?”

Not eating?

Such little strength?

When Mo Qingyun said this, everyone around him was stunned.

At this moment, they realized that after Mo Qingyun endured Mo Hai’s palm strike, he was completely fine.

Enduring Mo Hai’s palm strike without harm, when did Mo Qingyun become so powerful?

At this moment, everyone felt that their brains were not enough.

This scene was too unexpected for them.

“Qingyun, he… endured Mo Hai’s palm strike!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun in the competition arena who was completely fine after enduring Mo Hai’s palm strike, Mo Feipeng and others were stunned.

This result was too different from what they imagined.

If not for seeing it with their own eyes, they would never have believed that Mo Qingyun could be so strong.

After a brief surprise, Mo Feipeng revealed an ecstatic expression and laughed loudly, “This brat has such strength. Why didn’t he tell us earlier? I was worried for so long.”

“Indeed too unexpected, Qingyun has grown to such a level. If Third Brother saw this, he would be very happy.”

Mo Yueyu revealed an expression of relief and her eyes moistened unconsciously.

“What a fast progress this guy made!”

Mo Xin looked at Mo Qingyun in the competition arena as if he was a monster and could not calm down for a long time.

She clearly remembered that Mo Qingyun had just broken through to the Fourth Level Body Refinement a month ago.

In one month, his cultivation level broke through two levels continuously. This rate of progress was too shocking.

“Just a few months apart, Qingyun has become so powerful.”

Mo Ling revealed an expression of surprise and covered her mouth with a jade hand, her eyes filled with shock.

She could not believe that in just a few months apart, Mo Qingyun had become so powerful.

“Phew! This guy has become much stronger than ten days ago.”

Mo Xiao took a deep breath, patted his chest and wanted to calm himself.

“This kid has grown so fast. It seems that Second Brother will find it hard to win him.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s suddenly displayed strength, Mo Cang’s expression darkened and he muttered in surprise.

While Mo Xin and others were shocked, the surrounding people were also amazed.

“Wow, I didn’t see wrong. Mo Qingyun endured Mo Hai’s palm strike and was completely fine.”

“This guy is too extraordinary, how did he do it? Even a Seventh Level Body Refinement martial artist cannot do this.”

“Oh my, you bite me!”

“I want to see if I am dreaming. It seems that Mo Qingyun is so strong.”

…

The surrounding young ones were all shocked and exclaimed continuously.

In the first competition arena,

Mo Hai was also surprised that Mo Qingyun could endure his palm strike, but he did not believe that Mo Qingyun would be completely fine.

Then, Mo Hai revealed a cold smile and said, “Mo Qingyun, I am surprised that you could endure my palm strike. However, I think you are not doing well now. The destructive power of this palm strike is such that even a Seventh Level Body Refinement martial artist cannot be completely fine after enduring it.”

“Not doing well?”

Mo Qingyun looked at Mo Hai with sympathy. This guy is really self-assured.

However, Mo Qingyun rarely chatted with him and directly replied, “They cannot do it does not mean I cannot. You have taken action now, it is my turn.”

“Ninefold Collapse”

After saying this, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and directly raised his hand to strike at Mo Hai.

With one punch, the forceful qi on Mo Qingyun’s fist was rampant like a vortex of forceful qi, spreading a more powerful aura than Mo Hai just now.

“Inner qi! You… you also condensed inner qi!”

Seeing the violent flow of inner qi on Mo Qingyun’s fist, Mo Hai’s expression changed and a look of panic flashed in his eyes.

Mo Qingyun also condensed inner qi, moreover, it was even more powerful and violent than his own.

This discovery made Mo Hai feel extremely shocked.

“Inner qi, good kid, you also condensed inner qi. Indeed unexpected.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun condensing inner qi, Mo Feipeng immediately slapped the chair and stood up excitedly.

As for Mo Yueyu beside him, she was also excited with clenched fists and joyous.

The surprises that Mo Qingyun brought in this battle were indeed too many for them.

While Mo Feipeng and others were excited, Mo Zhirong and Mo Cang beside them had their expressions darken.

“Inner qi, I didn’t expect this kid to also condense inner qi.”

Seeing the power of Mo Qingyun’s punch, Mo Zhirong’s expression changed and he exclaimed in shock, “This way, Mo Hai is in danger. We cannot let them continue fighting.”

With this thought, Mo Zhirong stood up to stop Mo Qingyun from taking action.

However, when he just stood up, he was blocked in front by Mo Feipeng and his next action was stopped.

“Mo Feipeng, you…”

Seeing Mo Feipeng’s actions, Mo Zhirong’s expression darkened and he said gritting his teeth.

“Zhirong cousin, you just said that according to the family rules, elders cannot interfere in the youth competition.”

Seeing Mo Zhirong’s angry expression, Mo Feipeng said with a calm smile.

At this moment when he spoke, Mo Feipeng felt extremely satisfied. They did not expect that the retribution would come so quickly.

Not long ago, Mo Zhirong treated him like this. Now he was returning the favor to Mo Zhirong, which was indeed too satisfying.

Hearing Mo Feipeng’s words, Mo Zhirong’s expression instantly darkened and he did not know how to refute him.

In the youth competition, elders cannot interfere. This was indeed what he just said.

However, he did not expect that after saying this, he would kick himself in the foot.

In the first competition arena,

Bang bang bang!

Under Mo Qingyun’s punch, Mo Hai was directly sent flying with inner qi force impacting his body.

Under this violent forceful qi, Mo Hai’s body was directly smashed into a curved shape like a shrimp.

Puh!

Under Mo Qingyun’s strike, the fallen Mo Hai spat out blood and his face turned pale.

“Mo Hai, admit defeat quickly!”

Seeing this scene, Mo Zhirong could no longer sit still and reminded Mo Hai.

However, when Mo Zhirong spoke, Mo Qingyun took action again and stepped on Mo Hai’s mouth.

Mo Hai’s mouth was hit by Mo Qingyun, the words he wanted to admit defeat were also stepped back.

Seeing this action of Mo Qingyun’s, Mo Zhirong and Mo Cang’s expressions changed. They clenched their fists and pointed at Mo Qingyun, gritting their teeth and said, “Boy, don’t be too much?”

“Too much?”

Hearing Mo Cang’s words, Mo Qingyun curled his lips and said indifferently, “Mo Cang, don’t forget that I said in this month’s competition, I will disable Mo Hai.”

After saying this, Mo Qingyun raised his foot again and stepped on Mo Hai’s hands and feet.

Crack, crack…

Under Mo Qingyun’s stepping, a series of crisp bone-breaking sounds were heard.

At the same time, Mo Hai’s hands and feet were directly disabled at this moment.

“Mo Qingyun, so ruthless!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, the surrounding young ones’ expressions changed and they looked at Mo Qingyun with awe.

“Mo Qingyun, you are courting death!”

Seeing Mo Hai disabled by Mo Qingyun, Mo Cang was furious and directly attacked him.

Seeing Mo Cang take action, Mo Xin moved to block his path and said with a playful smile, “Mo Cang, if you want to fight, I’ll play along.”

Previously when she wanted to attack Mo Hai, Mo Cang treated her like this.

However, she did not expect that so quickly their positions would be switched. As the saying goes,风水轮流转 (the wind and water rotate).

Seeing his path blocked by Mo Xin, Mo Cang was furious all over and looked at Mo Qingyun with a狰狞 (fierce) expression, “Mo Qingyun, I’ll settle this account with you at the year-end clan competition.”

“You won’t have that chance?”

In response to Mo Cang’s threatening words, Mo Qingyun said calmly and replied indifferently.

“Your meaning is that at the year-end clan competition, you have the qualification to fight with me?” Mo Cang said disdainfully.

“You’ll know at that time.” Mo Qingyun said calmly and confronted Mo Cang arrogantly.

In the 37th chapter, Arrogant Mo Yunfeng

“Wow, that’s Mo Yunfeng. He was completely fine after enduring Mo Dongyang’s palm strike. Mo Yunfeng is indeed powerful.”

“Of course, Mo Yunfeng was the first in last month’s competition. However, it is indeed unexpected that he could endure Mo Dongyang’s palm strike.”

“Mo Dongyang was in the top ten last month, didn’t expect that he and Mo Yunfeng have such a big difference.”

“Then I am curious, who is stronger between Mo Yunfeng and Mo Qingyun?”

“It should be Mo Yunfeng. He was the first in last month’s competition and his cultivation level has reached the peak of Sixth Level Body Refinement.”

“You all ignored the most crucial point, Mo Yunfeng’s martial soul is a top-notch Eighth Level Fire-Scaled Dragon Martial Soul.”

…

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun was walking towards Mo Feipeng and others, in the third competition arena, a哗然 (uproar) sounded.

Hearing this uproar, Mo Qingyun also subconsciously looked at the third competition arena.

He saw that in the third competition arena, the aloof young man Mo Yunfeng was arrogantly stepping on his opponent.

Mo Yunfeng’s actions were almost the same as Mo Qingyun just now, it seemed that he was competing with Mo Qingyun.

When Mo Qingyun looked at Mo Yunfeng, Mo Yunfeng also happened to look at him.

After their eyes met, Mo Yunfeng raised his thumb and rotated it 180 degrees to show a look of disdain towards Mo Qingyun.

Seeing this action of Mo Yunfeng’s, Mo Qingyun directly raised his hand and made a throat-slitting gesture.

Seeing this action of Mo Qingyun’s, Mo Yunfeng’s expression darkened and he said coldly, “Mo Qingyun, don’t think that relying on some trump cards and enduring Mo Hai’s full-strength strike makes you so great. In fact, in the elite youth group, you are just at the bottom.”

“Bottom?”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and replied indifferently, “I also tell you that in my eyes, Mo Yunfeng is not even at the bottom.”

“Did I hear wrong? Mo Qingyun actually said that Mo Yunfeng is not even at the bottom in his eyes.”

“Mo Qingyun is too arrogant, but this makes me more curious about the competition between Mo Qingyun and Mo Yunfeng.”

“But I think that Mo Qingyun is a bit impulsive. Mo Yunfeng is not comparable to Mo Hai.”

“Indeed, Mo Hai’s strength comes from a stroke of luck. Mo Yunfeng is the real deal.”

“You all know nothing, Mo Qingyun doesn’t even look at Mo Cang. Do you think he will be afraid of Mo Yunfeng?”

…

Hearing the conversation between Mo Qingyun and Mo Yunfeng, the surrounding young ones were all in an uproar with surprise.

They did not expect that Mo Qingyun would talk to Mo Yunfeng like this.

“Humph! It’s meaningless to argue with words.”

Mo Yunfeng snorted and said arrogantly, “In the next competition if I meet you, I’ll let you know who is truly at the bottom.”

“You are too!”

Mo Qingyun replied calmly and then walked towards Mo Feipeng and others.

Soon, Mo Qingyun arrived in front of Mo Feipeng and others.

“Good kid, you broke through to Sixth Level Body Refinement cultivation level and condensed inner qi. How many secrets do you have?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun approach, Mo Feipeng laughed and patted his shoulder with a look of satisfaction.

“Hehe!”

Hearing Mo Feipeng’s words, Mo Qingyun scratched his head awkwardly and laughed.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, Mo Yueyu smiled gently and said, “Although your strength is not weak now, but Mo Yunfeng is not comparable to Mo Hai. If you meet him next, be careful.”

“Yeah, I will be careful.”

Mo Qingyun nodded in response but did not say much.

“Qingyun, beat Mo Yunfeng into a pig’s head next.”

While Mo Qingyun and others were chatting, Mo Xiao walked over, winked at him and clenched her small fist.

Since Mo Xiao’s strength was not comparable to Mo Qingyun, the competition lasted longer and she just finished.

Fortunately, she won by luck.

“Xiao Xiao, you seem to have a lot of confidence in Qingyun.”

Hearing Mo Xiao’s words, Mo Xin beside her lit up and said teasingly.

“I… I saw that you all didn’t believe in Qingyun, so I gave him some encouragement.”

Mo Xiao blushed and said a bit embarrassed.

“Uh!”

Hearing Mo Xiao’s words, everyone was stunned for a moment and then laughed loudly, “Ha ha, what Xiao Xiao said makes sense. We were giving Qingyun a morale boost before the competition even started, indeed not good. Losing the momentum before the battle is indeed wrong.”

“Qingyun, do your best and try to get in the top ten this month’s competition.”

“Indeed, I heard that the rewards for elite youth competition are double those of ordinary youths’.”

“I saw a nice hairpin in town, Qingyun, I’m counting on your reward to buy it, hehe!”

“I saw a silk scarf, Qingyun, my scarf is counting on you.”

…

Then Mo Feipeng and others encouraged Mo Qingyun.

Seeing everyone’s expressions, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and nodded.

Hearing the three girls’ words, Mo Qingyun was speechless. Was that girl planning to make him do the hard work?

Then, Mo Qingyun chatted with Mo Feipeng and others for a while before going to draw lots to decide his next opponent.

This time, Mo Qingyun’s opponent was a man named Mo Mingwei with peak Fifth Level Body Refinement cultivation level, far weaker than Mo Hai.

When Mo Mingwei saw that his opponent was Mo Qingyun, he turned pale and admitted defeat right at the start of the competition.

It seemed that Mo Hai’s miserable situation just now had already cast a shadow on him.

With Mo Mingwei’s admission of defeat, Mo Qingyun naturally advanced easily.

Then in the following competitions, Mo Qingyun was relatively easygoing as his opponents were not strong.

Seeing that their opponent was Mo Qingyun, they admitted defeat right after the competition started just like Mo Mingwei.

Thus, Mo Qingyun smoothly advanced to the top ten.

Compared with Mo Qingyun’s ease, Mo Xiao was not so lucky.

When she advanced to the top ten, she encountered last month’s third place Mo Fengxian and was defeated by her.

However, for Mo Xiao, entering the top twenty is also a good thing.

With the end of the competition to advance to the top ten, the candidates for the top ten were born.

They were Mo Qingyun, Mo Yunfeng, Mo Fengxian, Mo Ziyu, Mo Ruxin…

On the judgment seat, an elder walked out and said to Mo Qingyun and others, “Rest for half an hour and then have the ranking competition among the top ten.”

However, what surprised everyone was that when Mo Yunfeng heard this elder’s words, he suddenly said, “Uncle, no need for such trouble. Let me challenge all of you and your rankings will be based on how long you can withstand my attacks.”

Hearing Mo Yunfeng’s words, everyone’s expressions changed and they looked at him in shock.

Mo Yunfeng wants to challenge the other nine people consecutively?

Isn’t Mo Yunfeng too arrogant? Knowing that the later challenges would be more exhausting.

“This…”

Hearing Mo Yunfeng’s words, this elder hesitated and turned to look at Mo Qingyun and others and asked, “What do you think?”

“Uncle, let’s do as Mo Yunfeng said. I want to see how strong you are.”

“I don’t have any objections, but I wonder what will happen if I defeat him due to exhaustion?”

“I also think so. I don’t want someone to use this as an excuse to cheat.”

…

When Mo Ziyu and others heard, they all spoke up.

Mo Yunfeng seemed to have anticipated that Mo Ziyu and others would say this. After hearing, he said calmly, “Don’t worry about this point. If any of you can defeat me, I’ll be the tenth in this month’s competition.”

When Mo Yunfeng said this, his face was filled with confidence.

“Since that’s the case, we have no objections.”

Then Mo Ziyang and others nodded in agreement.

In their view, if they could advance one rank because of this, they would not have any objections.

Seeing that Mo Ziyang and others had no objections, this elder nodded in agreement as well.

Seeing everyone agree with his suggestion, Mo Yunfeng immediately revealed a cold smile and looked at Mo Qingyun, “Mo Qingyun, you are the first. Now I’ll let you know that among everyone, you are truly at the bottom.”

“Me?”

Seeing Mo Yunfeng point him out as his first opponent, Mo Qingyun curled his lips and revealed a teasing smile.

In the 38th chapter, Defeat Me in One Strike?

“Mo Qingyun, I’ll let you not pass my strike.”

In the competition arena, Mo Yunfeng revealed a proud expression as if he had already won.

After Mo Yunfeng finished speaking, he summoned his martial soul.

Suddenly, a powerful aura spread from above him.

It was an image of a snake over three meters long with red scales covering its entire body.

Eighth Level Martial Soul, Fire-Scaled Dragon Martial Soul.

After Mo Yunfeng summoned the Fire-Scaled Dragon Martial Soul, a shocking soul force emerged and was added to his body.

Under this soul force’s addition, Mo Yunfeng’s strength instantly soared and reached the level of Seventh Level Body Refinement.

“With the soul force from his martial soul, Mo Yunfeng’s strength now is probably comparable to Seventh Level Body Refinement.”

“From this, Mo Qingyun is destined to lose.”

“How many strikes can Mo Qingyun withstand against the current Mo Yunfeng?”

“From my view, at most three strikes.”

…

Seeing the imposing Mo Yunfeng in the competition arena, the surrounding young ones’ expressions changed.

“Eighth Level Martial Soul, Fire-Scaled Dragon Martial Soul.”

Seeing the red image above Mo Yunfeng’s head, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed slightly and he thought to himself, “The current Mo Yunfeng is probably comparable to Song Chen without summoning his martial soul.”

With strength comparable to Seventh Level Body Refinement, Mo Yunfeng is indeed a peak existence among the elite youth in Mo Family.

However, for the current Mo Qingyun, it still cannot pose a great threat to him.

After absorbing the core of earth’s fire, Mo Qingyun’s current body strength and qi are comparable to Eighth Level Body Refinement.

Now even without summoning his martial soul, he can easily defeat Song Chen.

“Mo Qingyun, let me finish you in one strike!” Mo Yunfeng said with a cold expression.

“Crimson Dragon Palm”

Mo Yunfeng unleashed a palm strike, turning into a red afterimage and rapidly attacked Mo Qingyun.

Under his palm strike, the temperature around him suddenly rose a lot.

It seemed as if Mo Yunfeng’s palm strike would burn up the surrounding air.

Mo Yunfeng is so powerful!

Seeing this, Mo Ziyu and others beside him were all shocked and revealed a look of awe.

The current Mo Yunfeng’s strength is not weaker than some key nurtured talents in Mo Family.

Under everyone’s gaze, Mo Yunfeng’s attack rapidly reached Mo Qingyun.

Seeing that Mo Qingyun did not even resist under his strike, Mo Yunfeng revealed a look of satisfaction.

However, this smile froze as soon as it appeared.

He saw that when his palm was about to hit Mo Qingyun, a powerful hand blocked it down.

“Mo Qingyun, you…”

Seeing his full-strength strike easily blocked by Mo Qingyun, Mo Yunfeng’s expression changed.

However, before he could finish his sentence, he felt a punch hit his chest.

“Ninefold Collapse”

A violent forceful qi surged from Mo Qingyun’s fist into Mo Yunfeng’s body.

Bang bang bang!

The forceful qi entered his body and was like a hammer, hitting Mo Yunfeng’s body repeatedly.

Ah!

Mo Yunfeng let out a painful cry and was sent flying, falling to the ground spitting blood.

Seeing this scene, everyone around him froze.

Not only elders but also young ones were like they had been enchanted and stood still in place.

For a moment, the martial arena became silent, one could hear everyone’s breathing.

Mo Yunfeng lost!

With an Eighth Level Martial Soul, Fire-Scaled Dragon Martial Soul, and strength comparable to Seventh Level Body Refinement martial artist, Mo Yunfeng lost!

And just in one strike!

This scene was too unexpected and sudden for everyone.

“Glug!”

After a moment, someone among the crowd swallowed and exclaimed in shock, “One strike, just one strike, Mo Yunfeng lost. Mo Qingyun is so powerful.”

“Is this the true strength of that kid?”

Seeing the slightly thin figure in the competition arena, Mo Feipeng said with wide eyes.

“Defeating a Seventh Level Body Refinement martial artist like Mo Yunfeng in one strike, it seems that I underestimated Qingyun.”

Mo Yueyu revealed an expression of surprise and looked at Mo Qingyun in the competition arena with a gentle gaze, smiling happily.

“Has this guy become so powerful already?”

Mo Xin and Mo Ling both frowned slightly, their eyes filled with shock.

“He seems more powerful than I imagined.” Mo Xiao smiled and said excitedly.

“Indeed unexpected, this little guy actually defeated Mo Yunfeng in one strike.”

The elders beside Mo Feipeng were all shocked, surprised by this result.

“Just two months’ time, this kid has grown to such a level?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s current strength at Seventh Level Body Refinement, Mo Cang’s expression became unnatural.

In the competition arena,

While everyone was shocked in their hearts, Mo Qingyun revealed a disdainful expression and looked at Mo Yunfeng, “Defeat me in one strike?”

“Puh!”

Under Mo Yunfeng’s punch, the already blood surging in his body spewed out again.

Under Mo Qingyun’s words, he felt a sense of humiliation and ridicule.

Before the battle, he confidently said that he would defeat Mo Qingyun in one strike.

But now, he was defeated by Mo Qingyun in one strike. Indeed ironic.

“Uncle, can you announce the result?”

Ignoring Mo Yunfeng, Mo Qingyun looked at the judge beside him and asked.

Under Mo Qingyun’s words, this elder hesitated and said solemnly, “Mo Qingyun wins. Mo Yunfeng is the tenth in this month’s elite youth competition.”

Tenth place for Mo Yunfeng!

With his strength, if not because of the previous agreement, he could have taken second place.

But now he is in tenth place. This result made everyone sigh and feel unexpected.

However, with Mo Yunfeng’s defeat, a new problem arose.

Everyone had agreed that the ranking would be based on how long they could withstand Mo Yunfeng’s attacks.

But now, under Mo Qingyun’s attack, Mo Yunfeng was beaten like a dead dog and could not continue fighting.

In this case, the previous ranking method clearly did not work.

“Uncle, previously we said that in this month’s competition the ranking would be based on how long you can withstand Mo Yunfeng’s attacks. Now that Mo Yunfeng cannot fight anymore, what should we do next?”

Mo Ziyu beside suddenly spoke up.

“Now it seems that Mo Yunfeng’s previous suggestion was not appropriate. For the next competition, let’s decide opponents by drawing lots.”

This elder in charge of judging said solemnly.

Seeing this judge speak, Mo Qingyun and others did not object.

Then, Mo Qingyun and others began to draw lots for their next opponents.

Mo Ziyu’s strength was even weaker than Mo Yunfeng, naturally not Mo Qingyun’s match.

After a series of competitions, Mo Qingyun won the first place in this month’s elite youth competition with some suspense.

Mo Qingyun winning the first place was indeed unexpected for everyone.

Under everyone’s complex gaze, Mo Qingyun happily received the two thousand gold coins reward for first place.

After receiving the reward, Mo Qingyun did not linger and left with Mo Feipeng and others.

“Humph! Don’t be too happy, in the year-end clan competition your strength is not enough.”

When Mo Qingyun passed by Mo Cang, the latter’s expression darkened and he said coldly.

“Is that so?”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun’s eyes narrowed slightly and he stopped to look at Mo Cang before walking towards an empty place in the martial arena.

In the 39th chapter, Just Started Cultivating a Few Years Earlier

Arriving at an empty place, Mo Qingyun directly sat cross-legged and seemed to be about to start cultivating.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, everyone around stopped and looked at him curiously.

“What is Mo Qingyun doing? Is he going to cultivate here?”

“Probably not, even if he wants to cultivate, it shouldn’t be here.”

“Let’s see first, we’ll know later.”

…

The surrounding people were talking among themselves.

“What is Qingyun doing?”

At this moment, Mo Feipeng and others also looked at him curiously but did not stop him.

They believed that Mo Qingyun had his own reasons for doing this.

“I’ll see what tricks you play later!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, Mo Cang’s expression changed and a cold light flashed in his eyes.

Thus, under everyone’s curious gaze, Mo Qingyun directly entered cultivation.

After a moment, Mo Qingyun discarded all distractions and immersed himself in cultivation.

As Mo Qingyun started cultivating, everyone noticed that his aura was gradually increasing at this moment.

Seeing this, some elders quickly guessed Mo Qingyun’s intention.

Mo Qingyun was breaking through his cultivation level.

He was going to break through in front of everyone.

Seeing this, the surrounding elders were all shocked and their expressions became more serious.

In addition to this, there was now a look of anticipation in the elders’ eyes when they looked at Mo Qingyun.

Will Mo Qingyun succeed in breaking through?

“This kid is too reckless, how can he break through in such an environment.”

Knowing Mo Qingyun’s intention, Mo Feipeng frowned and blamed him inwardly.