Seeing the Golden Jade True Body reach a minor perfection, Mo Qingyun began to ponder how he could further enhance his strength: "If I were to incorporate the three principles of power into my martial techniques, it should make their might even greater."

Once this thought appeared in his mind, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and immediately began to try it out.

Firstly, he attempted the Body Technique martial art "Fierce Bird Break," as this technique was relatively simple to verify.

Mo Qingyun's expression darkened, and he moved swiftly towards the front.

Boom boom boom...

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun rushed forward, all the trees around him exploded.

"Indeed much stronger!"

After this verification, Mo Qingyun revealed a look of wild joy. From the current situation, his conjecture seemed feasible.

Immediately after, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and quickly incorporated the Earth Principle into his Golden Jade True Body.

The Golden Jade True Body

Once Mo Qingyun unleashed the Golden Jade True Body, a shocking aura burst forth from him.

Boom!

Under this aura, the dust and branches around him were directly blown away, forming a whirlwind storm.

Moreover, under the suppression of gravity, the ground within several meters around Mo Qingyun was also depressed.

"Could it be that the stronger one becomes, the more powerful Earth Principle之力 can be exerted?"

Seeing the destruction before him, Mo Qingyun looked surprised and somewhat unexpectedly at this result.

But it also made him even more curious about the effects of incorporating Fire Principle into the Flame Mountain-Cleaving Saber and Fire Dragon Seal.

Fire Dragon Seal

After summoning twenty-seven True Qi Battle Seals, Mo Qingyun immediately incorporated the Fire Principle into them. As a result, the appearance of these twenty-seven True Qi Battle Seals began to change.

Soon enough, Mo Qingyun saw that the appearance of these twenty-seven True Qi Battle Seals slowly transformed into miniature versions of little fire dragons.

Roar roar roar...

Once these miniature little fire dragons formed, they emitted a series of low dragon roars, their aura imposing.

"This is what can truly be called the Fire Dragon Seal!"

Looking at these twenty-seven True Qi Battle Seals transformed into little dragons, Mo Qingyun couldn't help but move his expression and feel pleasantly surprised.

Then he became even more eager to see the effect of incorporating Fire Principle into the Flame Mountain-Cleaving Saber.

Clang!

Once Mo Qingyun incorporated the Fire Principle into the Flame Mountain-Cleaving Saber, the five-meter-long flame saber immediately burst with flames.

At this moment, the flame saber seemed like a fire dragon, exuding an intimidating aura and heat waves that seemed to want to consume everything.

"Very strong!"

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun's expression brightened and he raised his hand to slash at a giant rock in front of him.

Boom!

With one slash, the giant rock was split into powder.

Moreover, if observed carefully, that pile of powdered stone was still burning.

"Since incorporating principles into martial techniques is feasible, it's time to test their might."

With this thought in mind, Mo Qingyun entered the Black Gold Mountain and sought out a demon beast to test his techniques.

Three days later.

Swoosh!

A True Qi Realm Ninth Level peak demon beast, with a dog head and toad body shape, was slashed down by Mo Qingyun.

After slashing the demon beast, this dog-headed toad-bodied demon was burned into ashes by the saber's light.

"Now that I've become familiar with these martial techniques, it's time to return."

Seeing his initial goal achieved, Mo Qingyun didn't want to linger and prepared to return to Lianyun City. He thought, "Tomorrow is the day of contention for Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm; I should still be in time. Wonder how things are progressing with Chilin."

With this thought, Mo Qingyun became even more eager to return and immediately rushed back towards Lianyun City.

However, Mo Qingyun didn't use the Teleportation Door but chose to walk there instead.

After all, inside the city, there were many people and eyes. If seen by someone, it wouldn't be good.

"Ren Wenpeng, these Golden Stone Lotus Mosses were discovered by our Sky Wolf Gang first. If you know what's good for you, give them to us."

"Ma Guoyun, treasures of the world are for those who have the ability. If you want these Golden Stone Lotus Mosses, ask my weapon first."

...

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun rushed forward, a voice reached his ears.

"Golden Stone Lotus Mosses?"

Mo Qingyun showed a hint of curiosity and looked over at the crowd.

"Brother Ren, Brother Ma, we are friendly forces. We shouldn't be at each other's throats."

Seeing the two men on edge, a thin youth from Ma Guoyun’s group spoke up to persuade them.

"Since that's the case, Xue Jun, what do you think we should do?"

Upon hearing this youth’s words, Ren Wenpeng and Ma Guoyun's expressions changed as they asked him.

After hearing their questions, Xue Jun’s eyes turned and he said with a sneer while pointing at Mo Qingyun nearby, "Brothers, there's a young man over there. Why don't you both attack him? Whichever one of you kills him first, these Golden Stone Lotus Mosses will belong to that side."

"This suggestion is good!"

Hearing Xue Jun’s words, Ma Guoyun and Ren Wenpeng both nodded in agreement and immediately attacked Mo Qingyun.

Hearing Xue Jun’s suggestion, a lively-eyed girl beside him said with some reluctance, "Xue Jun, isn't this a bit unfair? After all, that person is innocent."

"Pei Yan, just a wild boy. If he dies, so be it."

Hearing the girl’s words, Xue Jun said indifferently and glanced at Mo Qingyun with disdain.

At this moment, as Xue Jun and Pei Yan spoke, Ren Wenpeng and Ma Guoyun had already arrived in front of Mo Qingyun.

"Ren Wenpeng, you're doomed!"

Seeing Ren Wenpeng behind him, Ma Guoyun smiled smugly and slashed at Mo Qingyun with a saber, sneering, "Boy, it's your luck to die by my hand. Remember my name; I'm Ma Guoyun."

Crossing Waves Saber

As soon as Ma Guoyun spoke, he slashed with a saber. Instantly, the saber aura was intense, like a crescent moon slicing towards Mo Qingyun.

"Humph! Ma Guoyun, don't be so smug."

Seeing Ma Guoyun's actions, Ren Wenpeng’s expression darkened and he sped up his steps, thrusting a spear at Mo Qingyun.

Unyielding Charge

With Ren Wenpeng’s spear, he was like an arrow, speeding towards Mo Qingyun.

In a blink, Ren Wenpeng’s body surpassed Ma Guoyun's and the spear aimed directly at Mo Qingyun’s throat.

"Ah!"

Seeing this, Pei Yan cried out in alarm and turned her head away, unable to bear watching.

Boom boom!

Just as everyone thought Mo Qingyun would die at the hands of Ma Guoyun and Ren Wenpeng, two dull sounds suddenly rang out.

Then everyone saw Ma Guoyun and Ren Wenpeng being sent flying back.

Puff!

After landing, they spat blood, their faces pale and looked fearfully at Mo Qingyun.

This... how could this be?

Seeing this, the surrounding people were stunned and couldn't believe their eyes.

They never imagined that a youth of sixteen or seventeen would have such terrifying strength.

After all, Ma Guoyun and Ren Wenpeng’s cultivation levels were both at the True Qi Realm Ninth Level.

Yet, even so, they were forcefully sent flying and seriously injured by Mo Qingyun in one move.

"Sss!"

After this discovery, everyone drew a breath and looked fearfully at Mo Qingyun.

They were worried that Mo Qingyun might attack them, killing all of them in revenge.

"Who killed me first?"

After sending Ma Guoyun and Ren Wenpeng flying, Mo Qingyun smiled playfully and looked at them.

In his gaze towards Ma Guoyun and Ren Wenpeng, there was a thick chill like a sharp sword.

"Not... not me. We were just joking with you."

Under Mo Qingyun’s cold gaze, Ma Guoyun forced a smile and said apologetically.

At this moment, he no longer had any of his previous demeanor, looking like a dog slave.

Of course, this couldn't be blamed on him; Mo Qingyun’s strength was too formidable. He had no choice but to submit.

"Yes, yes, we were just joking with you."

Like Ma Guoyun, Ren Wenpeng also looked like a slave under Mo Qingyun’s cold gaze and smiled apologetically.

Mo Qingyun paid no heed to their words, looking at them with disdain for their weak bones.

"Joking?"

Mo Qingyun smiled playfully again and asked Ma Guoyun, "You're called Ma Guoyun, right?"

"Yes... yes!" Ma Guoyun replied nervously.

"Alright, I remember your name." Mo Qingyun nodded and said, "Now say your last words."

"Last... last words!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Ma Guoyun turned pale and his mind went blank.

He couldn't understand how Mo Qingyun was going to kill him after just talking nicely with him a moment ago.

"You... me..."

In panic, Ma Guoyun stuttered and couldn't speak.

"Since you have nothing to say, then die."

As Mo Qingyun spoke, he raised his hand and slashed at Ma Guoyun with a palm, sending out a flame saber light.

Puff!

The flame saber light appeared and pierced Ma Guoyun’s chest before he could react.

"You..."

Pierced by the saber light, Ma Guoyun looked at Mo Qingyun in despair and pointed at him.

After killing Ma Guoyun with one move, Mo Qingyun turned to Ren Wenpeng and said coldly, "Now it's your turn. Say your last words."

"I... I..."

Facing Mo Qingyun’s cold gaze, Ren Wenpeng was also terrified and said in panic, "Friend, it was all a misunderstanding. If you let me go, I'll give the Golden Stone Lotus Mosses to you."

"To you?"

Mo Qingyun glanced at Ren Wenpeng with disdain and said, "With your ability, you don't have the right to say that. Also, I'll tell you something: I want both your things and your life. Since you have no last words, then die."

"You bully! I'll fight to the death with you!"

Hearing this, Ren Wenpeng’s expression darkened and he rushed at Mo Qingyun to fight him.

"To the death?"

Seeing Ren Wenpeng’s actions, Mo Qingyun smirked and casually raised his hand to send out a palm.

Fire Dragon Seal

Under Mo Qingyun’s move, twenty-seven miniature fire dragons condensed and formed a fire tornado, tearing towards Ren Wenpeng.

"Ah!"

Facing the twenty-seven miniature flame dragons, Ren Wenpeng had no resistance and was consumed into a black smoke.

"Sss!"

Seeing the strongest Ma Guoyun and Ren Wenpeng being killed instantly by Mo Qingyun like chickens.

The people around them were all filled with fear and looked at Mo Qingyun with awe.

This person was too strong. Even a True Essence Realm expert seemed no different.

The thought unconsciously arose in the minds of those around him.

Glancing at the panicked people beside him, Mo Qingyun slowly approached them and pointed at Xue Jun among the crowd, saying, "You, come over!"

"You... what do you want?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xue Jun was nervous and pale but didn’t dare to approach him.

Seeing Xue Jun’s actions, Mo Qingyun didn’t mind and said with a playful smile, "You just said that they should kill me?"

"I... I..."

Xue Jun was speechless and wanted to explain but didn’t know where to start.

Seeing Xue Jun’s expression, Mo Qingyun looked at him coldly and didn’t pay attention to him.

Then he turned his gaze towards Pei Yan, saying calmly, "You, come over."

"Ah!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun call her, Pei Yan was startled and clenched her fists tightly, approaching Mo Qingyun with a tense expression.

"I... I should have persuaded them not to attack you..."

Pei Yan looked guilty and said fearfully, her big eyes filled with sorrow.

"Huh!"

Seeing Pei Yan’s guilty look, Mo Qingyun was a bit at a loss for words.

He called Pei Yan over to thank her, but she came with self-reproach. It made him laugh and cry.

"Haha, don’t be afraid. I won’t attack you. I heard what you said to them."

Mo Qingyun waved at Pei Yan and thanked her with a smile, "I called you over to thank you for speaking up for me."

"Ah!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Pei Yan was surprised and looked at him in disbelief, "You... you want to thank me?"

"Huh!"

Seeing this mischievous girl, Mo Qingyun shook his head with a smile and said, "Can’t I thank you?"

"Yes!"

Pei Yan nodded her head like a chicken pecking at rice.

"Stand behind me."

Mo Qingyun told Pei Yan and looked at Xue Jun coldly, "Are you from the Xue family?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun ask about his identity, Xue Jun was stunned and then showed a haughty expression.

He thought Mo Qingyun asked him because he was wary of his identity and didn’t dare to attack him.

"Yes, I’m from the Xue family!"

Thinking this, Xue Jun showed a haughty look and raised his head to challenge Mo Qingyun, "Not only am I from the Xue family, but I’m also a disciple of the Heavenly Dragon Gang’s Guardian. How about it? Are you scared?"

"Scared?"

Hearing Xue Jun’s words, Mo Qingyun smiled playfully and said coldly, "Is the Xue family very powerful? Is a disciple of Heavenly Dragon Gang’s Guardian impressive? Also, I’ll tell you something: I’ve killed many Xue family elders."

"You... you killed Xue family elders?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xue Jun was stunned and then laughed disdainfully, "Boy, your strength is good. But to say you can kill Xue family elders... don’t be afraid of speaking big words."

Puff!

At this moment, as Xue Jun laughed loudly, a saber light pierced his chest and he couldn’t finish his sentence.

"You..."

Seeing Mo Qingyun kill him without warning, Xue Jun’s eyes widened and he died with his eyes open.

"Sss!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun kill Xue Jun decisively, the people around him turned pale and drew a breath.

"This... this brother, please spare us. We didn’t attack you."

"Brother, please don’t kill me. I’m from the Hu family in Lianyun City. If you spare me, our family will definitely reward you."

"Brother, I’ll kneel to you. Please spare me."

...

At this moment, the people around him all pleaded with Mo Qingyun.

Then someone suddenly said, "Wait! He just called Pei Yan over to thank her. He must be planning to spare her. Let Pei Yan plead for us."

Hearing this, the others’ eyes lit up and they all pleaded with Pei Yan.

"Pei Yan, please plead for this brother to spare us."

"Pei Yan, he didn’t kill you because he likes you. Please make him spare us."

"Yes, Pei Yan, please go and plead for us. He’ll listen to you if you beg him."

"Pei Yan, what are you waiting for? Go and please this brother. My life depends on you."

...

At this moment, everyone pleaded with Pei Yan, but the tone became more commanding.

Hearing their words, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened and he felt disdainful and contemptuous.

These people were even more despicable than Ma Guoyun and Ren Wenpeng, true scoundrels.

To save their own lives, they wanted others to sacrifice themselves and had no sense of shame. It was too shameless.

Thinking this, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened and he said coldly, "You deserve to die!"

Then he raised his hand to attack them.

"Brother... wait a moment..."

Seeing Mo Qingyun about to attack, Pei Yan blushed and called out shyly.

At this moment, her face was flushed red, she lowered her head and didn’t dare to look at Mo Qingyun. But in her expression were helplessness, hesitation, despair, anger, and numbness.

"Do you want to save them?"

Hearing Pei Yan’s words, Mo Qingyun looked at the simple girl with surprise.

After sizing up Pei Yan, he said, "Do you know what price you have to pay if you want to save them?"

"I... I..."

Pei Yan was speechless, her cheeks flushed red and her eyes confused.

Seeing Pei Yan’s expression, Mo Qingyun shook his head helplessly and raised his hand to punch the crowd.

Boom boom boom...

Facing Mo Qingyun’s fist, these people with True Qi Realm Fifth to Seventh Level cultivation were all sent flying.

Puff...

After landing, they spat blood and their faces turned pale. Their expressions became frenzied.

They found that under Mo Qingyun’s attack, their Dantians were all shattered and they became cripples.

Seeing this, the crowd looked at Pei Yan with hatred.

"You slut, what’s wrong with sacrificing yourself for everyone? You won’t lose any flesh."

"Now that you’ve made us all lose our cultivation and become cripples, are you satisfied?"

"Slut, may you die a miserable death. May you be raped every day."

"You’re an unlucky star who kills husbands and relatives. Your family members all died because of you."

...

At this moment, the crowd cursed Pei Yan.

Seeing their actions, Mo Qingyun looked at them with disdain and asked Pei Yan, "Are you sure you want to save them?"

"I... I don’t know!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Pei Yan hesitated and her eyes were confused.

Swoosh...

While Pei Yan was hesitant, Mo Qingyun raised his hand and sent out a palm, releasing a surge of True Qi.

This True Qi turned into a flame saber light and swept towards the crowd, burning them to ashes.

After killing everyone, Mo Qingyun warned Pei Yan, "In this world, some people are not worth saving. Even if you save them, they won’t be grateful to you. These people are like that."

"In the future when dealing with others, keep your eyes open and don’t blindly trust them."

After saying this, Mo Qingyun walked towards the Golden Stone Lotus Moss and picked it up, putting it in his乾坤袋.

Golden Stone Lotus Moss, this is a good thing. It’s凝聚by pure庚Gold power and greatly helps in comprehending the Gold Principle.

After putting away the Golden Stone Lotus Moss, Mo Qingyun came to Pei Yan and asked her, "I’m leaving. Take care of yourself."

"Wait a moment!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun leave, Pei Yan bit her lip and called out to him.

"Still something else?" Mo Qingyun turned around, looking at her with confusion.

"I... can I go with you?" Pei Yan said hesitantly, looking a bit embarrassed.

"Go with me?"

Mo Qingyun narrowed his eyes and sized up Pei Yan, smiling playfully, "I just reminded you to keep your guard up when dealing with others and not blindly trust them. How quickly did you forget? You want to go with me, aren’t you afraid I’ll sell you?"

"I believe you’re a good person!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Pei Yan looked at him with innocent eyes.

"A good person?"

Hearing Pei Yan’s words, Mo Qingyun smiled bitterly. He never thought of himself as a good person.

After a brief silence, Mo Qingyun sized up Pei Yan and said, "Let’s go."

"Thank you, Young Master!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun agree, Pei Yan looked delighted and thanked him.

"I’m Mo Qingyun. You can call me Mo Big Brother in the future." Mo Qingyun told Pei Yan.

"Mm, Mo Big Brother!"

Pei Yan nodded obediently and followed Mo Qingyun back to Jade Mansion.

An hour later, Mo Qingyun and Pei Yan returned to Jade Mansion.

When Mo Qingyun returned to Jade Mansion, he was surprised to see Wan Yue Xuan there.

"Young Master Mo, you’re back."

Seeing Mo Qingyun return, Wan Yue Xuan’s expression relaxed and he looked delighted as he greeted him.

Mo Qingyun knew why Wan Yue Xuan came. He wanted to ask about Mo Qingyun’s preparations for the contention of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm.

"Mm!"

Mo Qingyun nodded and asked, "Young Master Wan, did you come to find me for something?"

"Not really."

Wan Yue Xuan smiled faintly and replied, "I just wanted to ask about your preparations for the contention of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm."

"Everything is ready. Don’t worry, Young Master Wan and City Lord Wan."

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and comforted him.

However, when Mo Qingyun spoke, Wan Yue Xuan looked surprised and glanced at Pei Yan beside him, exclaiming, "Pei Yan, why are you with Young Master Mo?"

Hearing Wan Yue Xuan’s question, Pei Yan replied, "I met Young Master Mo in Golden Stone Mountain..."

Pei Yan briefly told Wan Yue Xuan what happened.

After hearing Pei Yan’s words, Wan Yue Xuan looked grateful and thanked Mo Qingyun, "Thank you, Young Master Mo, for saving Pei Yan!"

"Thank me?"

Seeing Wan Yue Xuan’s unusual behavior, Mo Qingyun looked puzzled and asked him.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s puzzlement, Wan Yue Xuan looked at him in surprise and asked, "Young Master Mo, don’t you know Pei Yan’s identity?"

"Pei Yan’s identity?" Mo Qingyun looked curious.

"I’ll tell you then."

At this moment, Pei Yan interrupted and said, "Actually, I’m the granddaughter of the former Heavenly Dragon Gang’s leader, Pei Liang. After Long Zhenjiang came, my grandfather was poisoned and soon passed away..."

Pei Yan then told her story from beginning to end.

What surprised Mo Qingyun was that Pei Yan turned out to be Wan Yue Xuan’s cousin.

"She’s your cousin?" Mo Qingyun felt his brain wasn’t enough to process this and looked at Wan Yue Xuan in surprise.

"Mm, it’s a long story. I’ll explain to Young Master Mo another day."

Wan Yue Xuan smiled awkwardly and nodded, not specifying his relationship with Pei Yan.

Seeing Wan Yue Xuan didn’t explain, Mo Qingyun didn’t ask further and said solemnly, "From this, it seems that the former Heavenly Dragon Gang’s leader and your father were both poisoned by Shadow Silk Worm Powder. However, the former Heavenly Dragon Gang’s leader was more deeply poisoned."

Then Mo Qingyun and Wan Yue Xuan talked for a while, after which Wan Yue Xuan prepared to leave. He stood up and said to Pei Yan, "Pei Yan, come with me to the City Lord’s Mansion."

"Oh!"

Seeing Wan Yue Xuan speak, Pei Yan pouted and nodded, looking at Mo Qingyun with reluctance. "Young Master Mo, I’ll go to the City Lord’s Mansion with Yue Xuan Cousin. I’ll come see you another day."

"Alright!" Mo Qingyun nodded.

Since Pei Yan was Wan Yue Xuan’s cousin, it wasn’t a bad choice for her to go with him.

Then Pei Yan left Jade Mansion with Wan Yue Xuan.

After Wan Yue Xuan and Pei Yan left, Mo Qingyun went to Chilin’s residence and asked about the progress of the plan.

Mo Qingyun asked, "Chilin, how’s the plan going?"

"Currently, apart from Xue Zhenyang in the Xue family, everyone else has been under my control."

Chilin smiled brightly and reported to Mo Qingyun.

"Oh?"

Hearing Chilin’s report, Mo Qingyun was slightly surprised at the speed of his progress and said excitedly, "Good! Since that’s the case, let’s go and deal with Xue Zhenyang."

"Master, do you plan to kill Xue Zhenyang?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chilin’s expression changed and he said with some concern, "If Xue Zhenyang dies, the Heavenly Dragon Gang and Mount Tai Sect might notice. What should we do then?"

"Haha, don’t worry about that. I have a plan."

Mo Qingyun smiled playfully and said to Chilin, "Let’s go to the Xue family."

Then Mo Qingyun and Chilin left for the Xue family.

Half an hour later, they arrived at the Xue family.

Upon arriving at the Xue family, Chilin led Mo Qingyun to a secret room in the Xue family and waited for Xue Zhenyang’s arrival.

On their way to the secret room, Chilin used his mind to command the Xue family elders to bring Xue Zhenyang to the secret room.

About a quarter of an hour later, Xue Zhenyang arrived at the secret room accompanied by the Xue family elders.

Xue Zhenyang entered the secret room and saw Mo Qingyun, revealing a sneer on his face.

On their way there, the Xue family elders told him that Chilin had been bought by the Xue family as a token of loyalty, and Chilin captured Mo Qingyun.

Upon hearing this, Xue Zhenyang was delighted.

"Mo Family brat, you have met your day!"

Xue Zhenyang slowly approached Mo Qingyun and sneered, "You didn’t expect that you would be betrayed by someone close to you one day? Isn’t the feeling of being betrayed very unpleasant?"

"Betrayed by someone close to you?"

Hearing Xue Zhenyang’s words, Mo Qingyun smiled playfully and didn’t respond to him.

"Humph! You can still smile, but now you’re just putting on a brave face."

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s calm expression, Xue Zhenyang’s expression darkened and he said coldly, "Today, I’ll see who can save you. I will tear you to pieces and appease the spirits of my son and nephew."

"Mo Family brat, die!"

Xue Zhenyang spoke and raised his hand to slash at Mo Qingyun with a palm, gathering power in his hands.

Boom boom boom...

Just as Xue Zhenyang was about to attack Mo Qingyun, terrifying palm forces suddenly struck him, sending him flying.

Puff!

After being hit by several palm strikes, Xue Zhenyang spat blood and his face turned pale. His aura weakened.

"You... you!"

Xue Zhenyang couldn’t believe that the people attacking him were actually the Xue family elders.

This result was too sudden for him, completely unexpected.

"Seen you, Master!"

In response to Xue Zhenyang’s questioning words, the Xue family elders ignored him and knelt before Mo Qingyun.

"Master!"

Seeing the Xue family elders’ actions, Xue Zhenyang was stunned and couldn’t believe his eyes.

The Xue family elders calling Mo Qingyun their master, this was truly ironic.

Thinking about what he said to Mo Qingyun just now, Xue Zhenyang’s face turned red with shame and anger.

Betrayed by someone close to you? Wasn’t he saying this about himself?

Seeing Xue Zhenyang’s expression, Mo Qingyun’s smile became more playful as he approached him and said calmly, "The feeling of being betrayed by someone close to you is unpleasant?"

"You... you!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xue Zhenyang was choked with anger and spat blood again. His face turned even paler.

"Mo Family brat, you’ll die a miserable death!"

After spitting blood, Xue Zhenyang looked at Mo Qingyun angrily and roared.

"I don’t know if I’ll die a miserable death, but you’re about to."

Mo Qingyun smirked and said to Xue Zhenyang before turning to Chilin, "Kill him."

"Yes, Master!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chilin’s expression darkened and he moved towards Xue Zhenyang with a palm.

Bloodthirsty Demon Palm

Chilin’s palm struck down, causing blood to surge and spread throughout the secret room.

"Wanting to kill me? You’ll have to pay a price."

Seeing Chilin attack, Xue Zhenyang’s expression darkened and he retaliated.

Xue Zhenyang was a Fourth Level True Essence Realm powerhouse. As the saying goes, even a thin camel is bigger than a horse; although he was seriously injured, he could still勉强fight with Chilin.

Of course, it was only barely fighting. After all, Chilin’s comprehension of principles far exceeded his.

Facing Chilin’s powerful attack, Xue Zhenyang soon fell into a passive state and his defeat was inevitable.

Seeing he wasn’t Chilin’s match, Xue Zhenyang prepared to escape and said fiercely, "Boy, I miscalculated today. But the grudge of today, Xue Zhenyang will remember. In the future, I’ll take tenfold revenge."

After saying this, Xue Zhenyang tried to leave and didn’t want to continue fighting with Chilin.

"Humph! Wanting to escape, it’s not that easy!"

Seeing Xue Zhenyang try to leave, Mo Qingyun’s expression turned cold and he said with a cold snort.

Seal Door, seal him!

As Mo Qingyun spoke, he pointed at Xue Zhenyang with his finger.

Then a miniature seal door condensed on Mo Qingyun’s fingertip and turned into a beam of light, striking Xue Zhenyang.

Puff!

Xue Zhenyang was already seriously injured. After being hit by Mo Qingyun’s martial soul technique, the seal door sealed his bloodline, causing him to spit blood.

At this moment, Xue Zhenyang’s cultivation level dropped from Fourth Level True Essence Realm to Second Level True Essence Realm peak.

"How... how could this be!"

Seeing his cultivation level drop, Xue Zhenyang’s face changed and fear appeared on it.

With Fourth Level True Essence Realm cultivation, he could barely fight with Chilin. Now that his cultivation level dropped, he would no longer be Chilin’s match.

Soul Heaven Seal

At this moment, as Xue Zhenyang was filled with fear, eighteen soul battle seals were quickly summoned by Mo Qingyun.

They shot towards Xue Zhenyang’s head like meteors, severely injuring his soul.