Following the loud laughter, people around also burst into laughter, mocking Mo Qingyun.

"Boy, what you said just now made me very happy. I decided to leave your corpse intact."

"Even at the brink of death, you can still say such things. You are truly a peculiar one. Don’t you know fear?"

"I reckon this boy must have been frightened to the point of losing his mind. He probably doesn’t even remember what he said just now."

"It’s very possible. Since that’s the case, let’s not stand around idly any longer and just attack this boy."

...

At that moment, everyone from the various kingdoms wore expressions of mockery, uttering words of disdain.

Seeing their expressions, Mo Qingyun showed a hint of sympathy and shook his head involuntarily.

These fellows were at the brink of death yet still didn’t know it; truly pitiful.

What Mo Qingyun did not expect was that after he shook his head, they again let out a cold laugh.

"Did you see that? This boy is shaking his head. Is he begging for mercy?"

"Haha, I thought this boy didn’t know fear anymore. It turns out he’s scared to such an extent!"

"Boy, no matter how afraid you are, I won’t let you off. You should blame yourself for taking what shouldn’t be taken."

...

At that moment, everyone let out a cold laugh again, each wearing an expression of satisfaction.

Seeing their current expressions, the sympathy on Mo Qingyun’s face deepened involuntarily.

With a look of pity, he glanced at everyone before him and revealed a teasing smile. "Do you want to know what treasures we obtained in the Nine Palaces Secret Treasury?"

"Boy, what treasure did you get? Quickly show us!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the surrounding people immediately brightened up and urged him.

Upon hearing their words, Mo Qingyun wore a teasing expression as he swept his gaze over everyone and slowly took out one treasure after another.

In no time, the people around him started screaming like madmen.

"This… This is a five-century-old Yanghe White Spirit Grass, and an eight-century-old Deer Blood Thousand Mountain Fruit…"

"That’s a mid-grade treasure weapon Flame Sun Treasure Armor, and another mid-grade treasure weapon Blood Oath乾坤剑…"

"True Essence Revolving Pill of the Fifth Rank, Jade Yang Fiery Heart Pill of the Sixth Rank…"

"High-grade Earth Realm martial technique Fire Dragon Seal, Heaven Realm martial technique Sun Burning Mountain Severing Sword—this is the martial technique that boy used!"

"It turns out this boy obtained so many good treasures in the Nine Palaces Secret Treasury!"

...

At that moment, screams rose and fell one after another. Everyone was like country bumpkins in the city, constantly exclaiming with shock.

"Boy, what else did you get? Quickly show us all!"

At that moment, everyone wore an expression of eager anticipation and urged Mo Qingyun. They wanted to see what other good things he had obtained.

Hearing their urging, Mo Qingyun’s smile grew even wider. He said coldly, "There is one thing I will give you to meet King Yan—Nine Palaces Secret Treasury’s Shocking Treasure, the Nine Palaces Array Disk."

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the surrounding people’s faces darkened. Their greed could no longer be suppressed.

"Boy, you are courting death!"

"It seems we were too lenient. We originally wanted to let him live a little longer, but since he doesn’t cherish it, we can’t blame us."

"Boy, after I kill you and obtain your乾坤Bag, these treasures will all be mine. I’ll slowly enjoy them, ha!"

...

Immediately after that, everyone attacked Mo Qingyun to snatch his treasures.

But when they attacked him, Mo Qingyun smiled coldly and revealed a teasing look in his eyes.

"Small Five Elements Star Array!"

At that moment, as everyone attacked Mo Qingyun, he pointed at the Nine Palaces Array Disk with his right hand. A light curtain then flew out from the Nine Palaces Array Disk.

As soon as this light curtain appeared, it enveloped Mo Qingyun and his five companions, protecting them.

An array!

Seeing this scene, everyone’s expressions changed, somewhat surprised by what they saw.

However, after a brief moment of daze, someone let out words of disdain. "Boy, do you think this broken array can withstand our attacks?"

"Stop talking nonsense and let’s all attack this array together to divide the treasures!"

"That’s right, I’m still waiting for that Blood Oath乾坤剑!"

"And my Heaven Realm martial technique Sun Burning Mountain Severing Sword. With this Heaven Realm martial technique, I’ll be invincible in battles of the same level!"

...

For a moment, urging words came out from everyone’s mouths.

Then, they crazily attacked the Small Five Elements Star Array, intending to break it forcefully.

"Wind and Waves Cleaving Slash"

"Wolf Howl at Heaven"

"Nine-Zhang Sky-Piercing Staff"

"Poisonous Destruction Grinding Wheel"

...

For a moment, various martial techniques were emitted from everyone’s hands and crazily struck the Small Five Elements Star Array.

Bang bang bang…

Under their frenzied attacks, it felt like the New Year’s firecrackers were going off. The sounds of explosions never ceased.

Seeing everyone’s actions, Lu Fangliang and the others frowned. They asked Mo Qingyun with some concern, "Brother Mo, can this array hold out?"

"Brother Lu, don’t worry. With their abilities, they won’t be able to break this array!"

Hearing Lu Fangliang’s worried words, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and said a comforting word to them.

After responding to Lu Fangliang’s group, Mo Qingyun wore a cold smile and said, "It’s your turn now."

As soon as he finished speaking, Mo Qingyun started making complex hand seals and inputting them into the Nine Palaces Array Disk.

"Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array, activate!"

Under Mo Qingyun’s actions, a red light flew out from the Nine Palaces Array Disk and quickly turned into a red curtain that enveloped everyone.

After being covered by this red curtain, the colors of heaven and earth turned red. The air also became somewhat hot.

At that moment, it seemed as if heaven and earth were about to burn. It felt like the end of the world was coming.

Seeing this scene, everyone’s expressions changed and some worry emerged in their hearts.

"An array! Another array. This boy must have set up a powerful array."

"What should we do? Is this boy planning to use an array against us?"

"This array is terrifying. If it attacks us, can we withstand it?"

"Could… Could he really be planning to kill recklessly as he said just now?"

"Sigh… What should we do?"

...

At that moment, everyone no longer had the previous arrogance. Each wore a tense expression and showed signs of panic.

Boom boom…

At that moment, as everyone was in panic, huge fireballs gradually formed in the sky and emitted a terrifying aura.

As soon as these fireballs appeared, everyone’s expressions twitched. Their faces turned deathly pale.

Each of these fireballs was comparable to a high-rank True Essence Realm’s full-power attack. This was definitely not something they could resist.

"What… What is this array? This boy really intends to use an array against us!"

"Brother, I was wrong. Please give me another chance and don’t use an array to kill me!"

"Brother, if you let me go, I’ll be your servant. Even a dog is fine!"

"I don’t want to die! As the prince of the Matu Kingdom, I have a lot of glory and wealth to enjoy. I don’t want to die here."

"Ahh, I don’t want to live!"

...

At that moment, everyone’s faces turned pale. Their hearts trembled with fear as they pleaded with Mo Qingyun.

Some people, whose minds were not strong enough, were directly suppressed by the oppressive atmosphere and committed suicide.

"How… How is this possible? This boy could actually activate such a terrifying array!"

Not only the people from various kingdoms were shocked, but even Ying Feng and others wore expressions of astonishment, unable to believe the outcome.

A few minutes ago, they were arrogant and confident. But in an instant, they became like dogs without a home, waiting for death to come.

This huge contrast made them feel as if they had swallowed a fly, feeling bitter and nauseous.

"No… No way. Mo Qingyun could not have such abilities. He should have died in our plan!"

Seeing themselves in this dire situation, the remaining members of the Du family wore expressions of madness.

Their plan had succeeded for the most part, and everything was proceeding smoothly according to their plans. They just needed this final step.

But at this critical moment, a change occurred, and the situation turned 180 degrees.

This result was truly hard for them to accept!

Bang bang bang…

At that moment, as everyone showed expressions of despair, helplessness, and fear… the fireballs in the sky suddenly exploded and fell from the sky.

Then, huge fireballs rained down from above, carrying a destructive heat wave and smashing towards the people below.

Boom! Boom! Boom…

As soon as the fireballs fell, they exploded and emitted terrifying heat waves that swept and devoured everything around.

"Brother, save me…"

"Prince, save me…"

"I don’t want to die…"

...

At that moment, various expressions of despair came out from everyone’s mouths. But before they could finish their words, the flames mercilessly devoured them.

As soon as they were engulfed by the flames, these people turned to ashes in an instant. Not even a trace was left.

In just a short moment, countless people were killed, nearly one-third of the original thousands dead.

"How… How could this happen!"

Seeing the people around being devoured by flames, Ying Feng immediately showed a dazed expression and shouted in panic, "No… I don’t want to die. Yes, I have the ancestor’s life-saving jade token. I can’t die here!"

With this thought in mind, Ying Feng took out a jade token and immediately crushed it.

Then, a wave of light emitted from the jade token, enveloping Ying Feng and carrying him out of the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array.

"Boy, I’ll remember this day. One day, I will repay you tenfold!"

As Ying Feng left the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array, he wore a fierce expression and threw a harsh word at Mo Qingyun.

"Prince Ying Feng, don’t leave us behind!"

"Brother Prince Ying Feng, take me with you!"

Seeing Ying Feng leaving, the people from the Eagle Kingdom wore expressions of despair and shouted at him.

Unfortunately, Ying Feng did not hear their words.***

Chapter 224: I Am the Purple-Eyed Demon King

"Huh, a spatial teleportation token. Ying Feng actually has such things!"

Seeing Ying Feng escape from the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array with the help of a jade token, Mo Qingyun wore an expression of surprise and was somewhat surprised by this trump card of Ying Feng’s.

After a brief moment, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened slightly and he thought to himself, "It seems Ying Feng has some background."

Although Ying Feng escaped, Mo Qingyun did not pay much attention. Whether or not he left Ying Feng behind was just a matter of killing one more person or less.

After a brief moment, Mo Qingyun turned his gaze into the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array and observed everyone.

Inside the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array, it was already like a hell on earth. Everywhere was filled with terrifying flames.

In these flames, people were constantly being devoured and turned to ashes in an instant.

Now, the entire Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array was left with only one piece of pure land—the Small Five Elements Star Array.

Seeing the people outside the Small Five Elements Star Array being slaughtered, Ling Luo and the others were stunned.

They never imagined that Mo Qingyun would activate such a terrifying array.

The power of this array was truly frightening.

After a few minutes, no one remained alive in the entire Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array.

Seeing this result, Ling Luo and the others’ expressions twitched. Their hearts trembled with fear.

"Brother Fangliang, did I see it right? There’s no one alive in the array."

"Yes… It seems true. Everyone was killed by Brother Mo!"

"Brother Mo’s ability with arrays is truly strong! He can use the Nine Palaces Array Disk so proficiently in just a few days."

"The Nine Palaces Array Disk is only truly valuable when it’s in Brother Mo’s hands."

"Qingyun is so ruthless, killing so many people at once!"

...

At that moment, Lu Fangliang and the others were dazed. Their expressions became numb as they could not believe it was true.

In just a short moment, thousands of True Essence Realm martial artists were slaughtered.

This ruthless method, if not seen by them personally, they would never believe it was done by Mo Qingyun.

At that moment, Lu Fangliang and the others truly understood what Mo Qingyun meant by "killing recklessly."

Compared to Lu Fangliang’s shock, the people outside the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array were so frightened that they could not take care of themselves.

A foul smell spread from them, but at this moment, they had completely lost their senses.

What did they see just now?

They saw a hell on earth.

Thousands of people were burned to ashes in an instant, not even leaving a trace.

This result was probably something they never dreamed of.

Originally, they came with excitement, wanting to reap the benefits and gain some advantages by fishing in troubled waters.

But unexpectedly, this was how it ended. Not only did they not gain any benefits, but all of them became sheep entering the tiger’s mouth and ended up with nothing.

At that moment, these people who remained were somewhat envious of those who left earlier.

At least the ones who left did not see this scene and would not have such nightmares in their hearts.

"They’re all dead, everyone is dead!"

After a moment, someone said dazedly, looking at the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array with a numb expression.

After this sentence, there was more color on the faces of those around. Their consciousness returned a bit but they were still shaken.

"Are… Are we really here to rob the treasure?"

"No! We’re not here to rob the treasure, we’re here to die."

"That guy is a devil, even more terrifying than an eye demon!"

"Yes, he’s a devil, even more terrifying than an eye demon. He’s scarier than Cui Wei."

"We should leave quickly, otherwise if he comes out of the array and attacks us, we’re done for."

...

After these words of fear, they did not dare to stay any longer and left the scene quickly.

As those around left, Mo Qingyun made hand seals and input them into the Nine Palaces Array Disk.

"Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array, seal!"

After Mo Qingyun input the hand seals into the Nine Palaces Array Disk, the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array in the sky gradually shrank and was finally sealed into the Nine Palaces Array Disk.

As Mo Qingyun sealed the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array, the surrounding flames gradually dissipated and disappeared in no time.

But those who were killed did not reappear. They truly vanished from the world.

After sealing the Heavenly Descent of Burning Flames Array, Mo Qingyun also sealed the Small Five Elements Star Array into the Nine Palaces Array Disk.

"Let’s go!"

After doing all this, Mo Qingyun wore a faint smile and called out to the dazed Lu Fangliang and others.

"Oh!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Lu Fangliang and the others’ expressions twitched. They responded dazedly.

At that moment, when Lu Fangliang and the others looked at Mo Qingyun, they involuntarily showed some reverence.

What could be done? Who would not feel a bit shaken after seeing that scene?

Seeing their expressions, Mo Qingyun felt somewhat depressed and said with a bitter smile, "What’s wrong with you guys? Do you not recognize me anymore?"

"It’s your fault for being so ruthless!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the usually quiet Ruoshui pouted and muttered.

Upon hearing Ruoshui’s words, Mo Qingyun wore a bitter smile and did not know what to say.

In that situation, if he didn’t kill others, they would have killed him.

Then, Mo Qingyun shrugged at Ling Luo and the other three with a helpless smile and gestured for them to follow him as he walked forward.

Seeing Mo Qingyun walk forward, Long Yitian and the others did not hesitate and followed him quickly.

Perhaps due to his personality, Ling Luo soon returned to normal and said with a smile, "Boss, where are we going next?"

Hearing Ling Luo’s words, Mo Qingyun thought for a moment and looked at him teasingly. "Last time because of Lei Hong, we couldn’t go to Red Powder City. How about going there now?"

"Red Powder City?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Ling Luo’s eyes lit up and he said excitedly with a suggestive expression. "Boss, we really are in tune! I was just going to talk about this with you. The girls in Red Powder City, their skin…啧啧…"

Ling Luo was at it again!

Next, Ling Luo started talking nonstop about how good the girls in Red Powder City were.

Seeing this, Long Yitian’s expression twitched. He took a wine flask and moved far away.

He clearly remembered how Ling Luo had devastated his heart the first time they met, almost making him lose interest in women.

As for Lu Fangliang who was not talkative, he did not mind Ling Luo’s words and kept his indifferent expression.

However, Ruoshui frowned when she heard this. She glared at Mo Qingyun and Ling Luo and said angrily, "Lewd! Men are not good things!"

"Hmph!"

Then, Ruoshui turned around and gave Mo Qingyun and the others a cold back.

Long Yitian and Lu Fangliang were also affected by this.

Seeing this, Long Yitian and Lu Fangliang wore expressions of depression. They were innocent!

Seeing Ruoshui’s actions, Mo Qingyun and the others laughed awkwardly and did not want to continue with that topic.

But Ling Luo was in high spirits now. He would not stop so easily. Seeing Mo Qingyun and Lu Fangliang did not speak, he turned his gaze to Long Yitian.

In Ling Luo’s view, among Mo Qingyun and the others, Long Yitian was most suitable to talk with.

Mainly because he had already talked with Long Yitian once. The second time was more familiar, right?

Thus, on the way, Long Yitian was again in torment. He drooped his head and looked at Mo Qingyun and the others for help.

Seeing Long Yitian’s expression, Mo Qingyun and the others wore faint smiles. They did not help him but gave him an encouraging look.

Seeing this, Long Yitian felt depressed. He drooped his head and looked listless.

Since they were not in a hurry, Mo Qingyun and the others walked leisurely on their way.

When they arrived at Red Powder City, it was already three days later.

"Stop! You guys, stop!"

At that moment, as Mo Qingyun and the others were about to enter Red Powder City, a short young man blocked their path.

"Hmm?"

Seeing his way blocked, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed as he sized up the short young man. "Something wrong?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the short young man raised his head arrogantly and said, "Boy, if you’re smart, hand over your乾坤Bag."

Robbery?

Hearing the short young man’s words, Mo Qingyun and the others’ expressions changed. They understood his intentions.

Then, Mo Qingyun and the others wore teasing smiles as they sized up him with interest.

This guy was only a third-rank True Essence Realm and not very good-looking. He dared to rob them, several fifth-rank True Essence Realms.

This kid’s guts were really big!

After a brief silence, Ling Luo looked at him disdainfully and said with a sneer, "Boy, you look like that and dare to rob people? Did you eat too much fake milk powder as a kid, making your brain go crazy?"

"Boy, be careful with what you say. Among the five of you, I don’t like you the most."

Hearing Ling Luo’s words, the short young man’s face darkened and threatened him. "If you make me angry, I’ll teach you a lesson."

This guy was really arrogant!

Seeing the short young man’s actions, Mo Qingyun and the others’ expressions changed again. They were really surprised by his performance.

"Do you know who I am?"

At that moment, as Mo Qingyun and the others were puzzled, the short young man patted his chest and pointed at his eyes. "Feel my cultivation level and look at my eyes. Now do you know who I am?"

"Just a third-rank True Essence Realm with purple eyes, so what…"

Ling Luo’s words were interrupted as his expression changed. He looked at Mo Qingyun beside him involuntarily.

Not only Ling Luo understood, but also Mo Qingyun and the others. They understood what the short young man meant.

For a moment, they did not know what to say.

Turns out this guy was actually boasting about Mo Qingyun!

"Now, do you know who I am?"

Seeing Mo Qingyun and the others’ dazed expressions, the short young man thought they were afraid. He wore a smug expression and laughed loudly. "You guessed right, I am the Purple-Eyed Demon King. Now are you afraid?"

"Purple-Eyed Demon King!"

Hearing the short young man’s words, Mo Qingyun and the others were surprised again. They did not expect this short young man to give himself such a霸气nickname.

At that moment, Mo Qingyun and the others were speechless. For a while, they did not know how to respond.

Should they tell the short young man that the real Purple-Eyed Demon King was right in front of him?

Chapter 225: Wanted by a Hundred Kingdoms (Second Update)

"Pfft!"

After a brief silence, Ling Luo suddenly burst out laughing and said while holding his stomach. "Boss, sorry, I couldn’t help it!"

At that moment, not only Ling Luo burst out laughing but also Mo Qingyun and the others wore expressions of laughter.

They were really amused by this short young man.

Seeing Mo Qingyun and the others’ expressions, the short young man’s face darkened. He scolded them in a dignified manner. "What are you laughing at? Quickly hand over your乾坤Bag, or do you want to die?"

Hearing the short young man’s words, Mo Qingyun looked at him with a faint smile and asked, "You are the Purple-Eyed Demon King?"

"Exactly!"

The short young man raised his head arrogantly and said with a domineering expression. "I am the Purple-Eyed Demon King who was霸气side-leaking a few days ago outside the Nine Palaces Secret Treasury, drawing arrays with a wave of my hand and exterminating tens of thousands of martial artists alone."

The short young man paused for a moment and continued, "Boy, I’ll tell you, my patience is limited. If I’m pushed to the limit, be careful as I’ll use arrays to deal with you. My arrays are very powerful."

My arrays are very powerful!

Pfft!

Not only Ling Luo could not hold it but also Long Yitian spat out the wine in his mouth and coughed lightly. "Cough, cough, I can’t take it either."

This short young man was really showing off!

At that moment, as everyone wore expressions of laughter, Mo Qingyun smiled teasingly and said to the short young man. "Do you know that there are four friends by the Purple-Eyed Demon King’s side, three handsome men and one beauty, just like me now."

"There are three handsome men and a beauty by the Purple-Eyed Demon King’s side? Why didn’t anyone tell me?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the short young man wore a puzzled expression and thought for a moment.

Then his eyes lit up as he looked at Mo Qingyun with mockery. "Boy, it turns out you are also pretending to be the Purple-Eyed Demon King. But you’re not professional enough, you didn’t even disguise your purple eyes properly. You failed miserably."

You are also pretending to be the Purple-Eyed Demon King!

Hearing the short young man’s words, Mo Qingyun and the others were surprised. They were amazed by his current words.

This guy actually said Mo Qingyun was not professional and failed in the disguise.

At that moment, Long Yitian and the others did not know what to say. Should they call him silly or naive?

After a brief moment of daze, Mo Qingyun wore a faint smile again and said to the short young man. "Is this what you call purple eyes?"

As Mo Qingyun spoke, a purple light flashed in his eyes and emitted a sharp aura.

"Purple… Purple eyes!"

At that moment, the short young man was stunned. He could hardly believe his eyes and said in shock, "You… You are the real Purple-Eyed Demon King!"

He met the real one!

At that moment, this thought flashed in the short young man’s mind.

Even if he was a bit silly at that moment, he knew this young man in front of him was the real Purple-Eyed Demon King.

He actually said in front of the Purple-Eyed Demon King that he was pretending, and he even said he did a good job in the disguise.

At that moment, his mind went blank. He looked at Mo Qingyun with fear and could not speak for a long time.

He was stunned!

He had heard that the Purple-Eyed Demon King was ruthless, a demon who killed without blinking.

Now, he showed off in front of the Purple-Eyed Demon King. It seemed he was doomed.

Thinking this, his expression twitched and he pleaded with fear. "Demon King, please don’t kill me. I was just admiring you and pretending to be you. It wasn’t intentional…"

Because he admired him, he pretended to be him.

"Let’s go!"

Seeing the short young man’s expression, Mo Qingyun did not argue with him and gestured to Long Yitian and the others before walking forward.

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Ling Luo and the others quickly followed him.

But as Ling Luo passed by the short young man, he wore a faint smile and patted his shoulder. "Boy, next time when you pretend to be someone else, hope you do it a bit more professionally. At least find some extras and make the numbers match."

"On horseback?"

Hearing Ling Luo’s words, the short young man wore a puzzled expression and muttered to himself. "Do I need to find a horse first?"

...

Hearing the short young man’s words, Mo Qingyun and the others wore expressions of苦笑and did not know what to say.

This guy was really cute in his silliness!

More importantly, with such intelligence, he could actually do highway robbery. The entry requirements seemed to be very low?

After a brief moment of helplessness, Mo Qingyun and the others shook their heads and no longer paid attention to the short young man.

But after this commotion, Mo Qingyun and the others’ moods improved a lot.

That’s why Mo Qingyun did not kill that short young man and left him alive.

If the short young man knew he could live because of his silliness, he might say, "This is called being lucky for being silly."

Not long after, Mo Qingyun and the others entered Red Powder City.

"Move aside, make way!"

After entering Red Powder City, several guards in armor with arrogant expressions cleared the crowd and came to a bulletin board.

After reaching the bulletin board, they pasted a wanted notice on it.

This wanted notice had five portraits, exactly Mo Qingyun and the others.

"We are wanted?"

Seeing this scene, Mo Qingyun and the others’ expressions changed. They were somewhat surprised by what they saw.

Wanted Notice of a Hundred Kingdoms:

Criminal Lu Fangliang: Inform his whereabouts, reward two million yuan spirit stones. Capture him alive, reward ten billion yuan spirit stones.

Criminal Mo Qingyun: Inform his whereabouts, reward one million yuan spirit stones. Capture him alive, reward five billion yuan spirit stones.

Criminal Long Yitian: Inform his whereabouts, reward twenty thousand yuan spirit stones. Capture him alive, reward thirty million yuan spirit stones.

Criminal Ruoshui: Inform her whereabouts, reward twenty thousand yuan spirit stones. Capture her alive, reward thirty million yuan spirit stones.

Jade Kingdom’s Ninth Prince Ling Luo: Inform his whereabouts, reward ten thousand yuan spirit stones. Bring him to the Jade Kingdom and there will be great rewards, including promotions.

Seeing this information on the bulletin board, Ling Luo’s expression changed and he wore an expression of surprise. He said in puzzlement, "Huh! Brother Fangliang’s reward is more than Boss’s. Strange!"

In their view, Mo Qingyun had the biggest name and should have received the highest reward.

"It’s indeed a bit strange!"

Hearing Ling Luo’s words, Long Yitian and Ruoshui’s expressions changed. They wore puzzled looks and felt confused.

"Let’s go!"

At that moment, as Long Yitian and the others were puzzled, Lu Fangliang’s expression turned cold. He said to Mo Qingyun and the others before turning around and leaving.

Lu Fangliang had something in mind?

Seeing Lu Fangliang’s unusual actions, Mo Qingyun and the others thought he had something in mind.

From the current situation, Lu Fangliang’s mood was abnormal because of this bulletin board.

But seeing that Lu Fangliang did not want to talk about it, they did not ask further.

After all, they were not gossipy people who liked to pry into others’ affairs.

After Mo Qingyun and the others left, they entered a hotel and found a relatively quiet spot to sit.

What surprised Mo Qingyun was that there were storytellers in the hotel.

In front of a table, a young man in rough clothes was talking nonstop.

"Speaking of that day, outside the Nine Palaces Secret Treasury, the Purple-Eyed Demon King was attacked by thousands of experts. Originally, he was like a dying mother ship, on the brink of death…"

"Then suddenly, a dark cloud covered the sky and descended from above into the Purple-Eyed Demon King’s body. Then…"

"The Purple-Eyed Demon King was like a demon possessing him, his entire body suddenly grew and turned into a hundred-zhang giant, transforming into an ancient demon king…"

At that moment, the storyteller paused and picked up his gavel. He knocked it.

Bang!

After the gavel’s sound, he bowed to everyone and said, "Thank you for listening. That’s all for today. To know what happens next, come again next time. Heavenly Book Pavilion, telling legendary stories of the world and discussing the great achievements of kings."

Hearing the storyteller’s words, those around wore expressions of dissatisfaction and protested.

"Damn it, he stopped at the critical moment. He’s going to suffocate us!"

"Hurry up and tell, what happened later? Did the Purple-Eyed Demon King transform into a demon king and kill recklessly?"

"That’s not right. I heard that the Purple-Eyed Demon King is good at arrays and kills with arrays!"

...

At that moment, the surroundings were noisy.