“Such a domineering martial technique!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s move, Mo Yi immediately showed an expression of surprise and his heart involuntarily trembled. His expression became more solemn.

The strength Mo Qingyun displayed at this moment once again exceeded his expectations.

“Crane, take shape!”

However, Mo Yi did not hesitate and controlled his martial soul to draw again.

Soon, a white crane beast shape appeared and attacked Mo Qingyun.

The attack method of the white crane beast form was less domineering and fierce compared to the tiger beast shape, but it had more changes and agility.

Compared to this, it was even harder to deal with than the tiger beast shape.

Shadow Step

Facing the attack of this white crane shadow, Mo Qingyun immediately displayed his martial technique Shadow Step and quickly dodged the attack of the white crane shadow.

“What a formidable body technique!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s fluid, weightless, and ethereal steps, Mo Yi could not help but praise him.

“Break for me!”

After displaying Shadow Step, the advantage of the white crane beast form was no longer there and it was soon defeated by Mo Qingyun.

Seeing this, Mo Yi attacked again, drawing several beast shapes and attacking Mo Qingyun.

However, none of them caused much damage to Mo Qingyun before being defeated by him forcefully.

“Cousin Qingyun, the next is my strongest attack. If you can withstand it, I will admit defeat.”

Seeing his consecutive attacks, Mo Yi decided not to hold back and prepared to display his strongest attack.

“Alright!” Mo Qingyun said calmly.

Dragon Soaring Tiger Leaping, Snake and Crane Dual Forms!

This time, Mo Yi’s martial soul moved quickly to draw.

In an instant, the shapes of dragon, tiger, snake, and crane were formed and attacked Mo Qingyun from four directions.

“Four beast shapes, four directions. What a terrifying attack method!”

Seeing this scene, not only Mo Qingyun was startled but also the surrounding people showed expressions of surprise.

Mo Xiao and Mo Ling, the two girls at this moment, clenched their fists tightly and watched the fifth arena with nervous expressions.

“Can he withstand it?”

At this moment, Mo Feipeng and Mo Yueyu both had sweat on their palms involuntarily and showed nervous expressions.

“It seems the result is out. Qingyun might not be able to withstand such an attack.”

Seeing Mo Yi’s move, Mo Hongtian sighed with regret and felt that Mo Qingyun could not win.

In his view, facing this attack from Mo Yi, even a person with Ninth Level Body Refinement cultivation would not be able to withstand it.

At this moment, when everyone’s hearts were tense, Mo Qingyun finally acted.

“Looks like I need to reveal some more trump cards.”

Seeing the four beast shapes attacking from four directions, Mo Qingyun’s expression became solemn.

Mo Yi was much stronger than he had expected. Even a person with Ninth Level Body Refinement cultivation would probably have such strength.

Then, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and immediately performed the martial technique Fire Dragon Seal with his hands.

Inner Force War Seals, appear!

Once Mo Qingyun displayed the Fire Dragon Seal, five inner force war seals were instantly formed.

Surrounding Mo Qingyun’s body, they emitted a powerful flame force and dazzling light.

“What martial technique is this?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun display the Fire Dragon Seal, Mo Hongtian, who had lost confidence in Mo Qingyun’s victory, sat up straight and looked at him with sharp eyes, thinking: “This kid is really surprising. He keeps bringing surprises to everyone. With this martial technique, the outcome of the battle is uncertain.”

“Qingyun learned this martial technique when?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun display a martial technique he had not seen before, Mo Feipeng immediately showed an expression of shock.

“What is this martial technique? Where did Qingyun learn it from?”

Mo Yueyu frowned slightly, feeling puzzled and thinking: “It seems Qingyun has many secrets.”

“Such a variable appeared in the Mo family. It looks like our understanding of the Mo family is not enough.”

At this moment, He Qiansheng and Song Xu exchanged glances with complex expressions.

“How could it be like this? Is he really Mo Qingyun?”

Seeing the confident Mo Qingyun in the arena, He Lingyu almost did not believe her eyes.

Mo Qingyun’s performance was constantly refreshing her understanding of him in her mind.

It made her feel that she did not really understand Mo Qingyun.

In the fifth arena.

At this moment, when everyone was shocked, Mo Qingyun controlled the war seals and counterattacked Mo Yi.

“Suppress for me!”

Once the five war seals appeared, Mo Qingyun controlled four of them to suppress the four beast shapes.

As for the remaining one war seal, Mo Qingyun controlled it and attacked Mo Yi.

“This…”

Facing this sudden change, Mo Yi had not reacted yet when he was hit by the war seal and flew out.

With Mo Yi being hit, those four beast shapes also dissipated in the air.

Seeing this scene, everyone held their breath and stood there dumbfounded.

Mo Yi’s powerful attack was thus resolved by Mo Qingyun.

“I lost!”

At this moment, before everyone could recover from their shock, Mo Yi showed a bitter smile and sighed: “Ah! You successfully showed off.”

“Just luck!” Mo Qingyun chuckled.

“Really?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, Mo Yi showed a doubtful look. He did not believe what Mo Qingyun said.

However, he did not care too much and walked to Mo Qingyun’s side with a smile: “Next time when I cultivate eight shapes, I will fight you again.”

“Welcome anytime!” Mo Qingyun said with a faint smile.

Because of Mo Yi’s admission of defeat, Mo Qingyun successfully advanced to the top five.

“Uncle, I remember you said that Qingyun could only enter the top thirty. Now it seems he has entered the top five.”

Mo Xiao suddenly remembered what Mo Feipeng said yesterday and winked at him, smiling slyly: “Uncle, guess where Qingyun will enter?”

“Uh! This…”

Hearing Mo Xiao’s words, Mo Feipeng became embarrassed and said with a smile: “This kid is a variable. How can I guess him? Let’s not guess.”

“Haha!”

Seeing Mo Feipeng’s helpless look, Mo Yueyu and the others laughed.

They could see that Mo Qingyun’s matters could not be guessed by normal logic.

At this moment, while Mo Feipeng and the others were chatting, Mo Cang’s battle with the others also ended.

Mo Cang, Mo Xin, Mo Kong, and Mo Qi won, along with Mo Qingyun, making the top five.

“As usual, rest for half an hour and then have the ranking battle among the top five.”

Seeing that Mo Cang’s battles were over, an elder looked at Mo Qingyun and the others and said.

Then, Mo Qingyun and the others began to rest and recover from their previous battles.

Half an hour later, that elder walked over and said: “Now start drawing lots to match opponents.”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun and the others walked forward to draw lots.

Five people drawing lots naturally meant someone would be idle.

Only, who would get the idle lot?

Soon, Mo Qingyun and the others each drew a sign.

“Three!”

Looking at his own sign, Mo Qingyun knew his number.

At this moment, seeing that Mo Qingyun and the others had finished drawing lots, the elder said: “Those who drew one and two will enter arena one and two to battle. The idle lot holder will directly advance to the top three.”

“What a good thing, direct advancement!”

Hearing this elder’s words, Mo Qingyun showed an expression of surprise. He had advanced directly.

Then, without hesitation, he walked to the outside of the arena and watched Mo Cang’s battle leisurely.

Seeing this, everyone in the arena quickly knew that Mo Qingyun had drawn the idle lot.

“Not bad. Mo Qingyun drew the idle lot, this kid’s luck is too good.”

“However, Mo Qingyun’s strength is not weak. If he does not meet Mo Xin and Mo Cang, getting the top three would not be difficult.”

“From this point of view, the rankings are already determined.”

“Mo Cang and Mo Xin have strong strength and will occupy first and second place, Mo Qingyun third, Mo Qi fourth and fifth.”

…

At this moment, everyone in the arena expressed their opinions.

At this moment, Mo Feipeng showed a strange expression and said: “I told you. This kid is a variable. What happens to him cannot be estimated by normal logic. Did you think he would draw the idle lot?”

“Indeed, we did not.”

Hearing Mo Feipeng’s words, Mo Yueyu and the others showed expressions of surprise.

They had thought of many situations but did not think Mo Qingyun would draw the idle lot.

At this moment, they could see that Mo Qingyun’s matters could not be predicted by normal logic.

“Congratulations Brother Hongtian. This year, your grandson seems to have a chance of competing for first place.”

He Qiansheng beside Mo Hongtian smiled and congratulated him.

Regarding He Qiansheng’s words, Mo Hongtian chuckled and said: “Qingyun has decent strength but it is impossible for him to get first or second place. He is only at Eighth Level Body Refinement cultivation, while Mo Xin and Mo Cang are at Half Step True Qi Realm and Tenth Level Body Refinement cultivation. This gap is hard to make up, but getting the top three is very good.”

Speaking of this, Mo Hongtian’s face showed a satisfied smile.

It seemed he was very pleased with Mo Qingyun’s performance.

At this moment, while Mo Hongtian and the others were talking, the results of Mo Cang’s battle with Mo Xin and the others had already come out.

Mo Cang and Mo Xin won decisively, ending their battles.

Thus, the top three were born: Mo Qingyun, Mo Cang, and Mo Xin.

At this moment, while everyone was looking forward to the battle among the top three, Mo Cang directly said to Mo Qingyun: “Mo Qingyun, come and fight!”

“Just as you wish!” Mo Qingyun said calmly after glancing at Mo Cang and walking to arena one.

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun was heading towards arena one, Mo Xin suddenly said: “Wait a minute!”

Hearing this, everyone looked at Mo Xin curiously.

What did she want to do by interrupting Mo Qingyun and Mo Cang’s battle at this moment?

Under everyone’s curious gaze, Mo Xin walked to Mo Qingyun and said: “Let me fight him first.”

“Sister Mo Xin, let me do it…”

Seeing Mo Xin’s actions, Mo Qingyun showed a surprised expression and smiled bitterly.

He knew the purpose of Mo Xin’s actions. She was worried that he would not be a match for Mo Cang and get injured during the battle.

“Rude boy, have your wings grown hard? You don’t listen to me anymore.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, Mo Xin showed an angry look and glared at him.

“…”

Seeing the fierce image of Mo Xin, Mo Qingyun was speechless and puzzled.

Why did this gentle lady have such a fierce personality under her calm exterior?

“Mo Xin, are you deliberately causing trouble?”

Seeing that his battle with Mo Qingyun was interrupted by Mo Xin’s words, Mo Cang showed a displeased expression.

“How, are you afraid to fight me?”

Regarding Mo Cang’s dissatisfaction, Mo Xin ignored it and said disdainfully: “Mo Cang, you overestimate yourself. Since you insist on challenging me recklessly, I will fulfill your wish.”

“I will defeat you first and then fight Mo Qingyun later.”

Mo Cang showed a cold expression, glancing at Mo Xin and then looking at Mo Qingyun.

Perhaps in his view, the current Mo Xin and Mo Qingyun were already fish on a chopping board for him to cut.

Dark Tiger, appear!

After glancing at Mo Xin and Mo Qingyun, Mo Cang did not waste words and summoned his martial soul.

The Dark Tiger martial soul was a high-level tenth-grade martial soul. Once summoned, it emitted an intimidating aura.

Outside its black body like ink flowed a stream of dark soul energy.

Its blue eyes seemed to draw the souls of prey.

Under the aura加持of the Dark Tiger martial soul, Mo Cang’s eyes also turned blue, giving a feeling of a soul-snatching envoy, eerie and terrifying.

Flame Sparrow, appear!

Seeing Mo Cang summon his martial soul, Mo Xin did not take it lightly and summoned her martial soul as well.

The Flame Sparrow martial soul was a top-level ninth-grade martial soul. Once summoned, it emitted a scorching wave.

Outside its red feathers burned a ball of crimson-golden flame, floating in the air like a blazing sun.

Under the aura加持of the Flame Sparrow martial soul, Mo Xin’s body added some heroic spirit, like a flame war god.

“Ninth-grade Flame Sparrow martial soul!”

Seeing Mo Xin’s martial soul, Mo Cang showed a disdainful expression and said coldly: “Mo Xin, now I will let you know the difference between a ninth-grade martial soul and a tenth-grade martial soul.”

“Dark Tiger Devouring!”

Mo Cang’s gaze turned cold, taking a step forward and grabbing at Mo Xin.

With his grab, the black force on his palm was like a fine net, covering Mo Xin.

“Dark Tiger Devouring. This is the high-grade mystic-level martial technique Dark Tiger Devouring that Mo Cang learned!”

“With Mo Cang’s martial soul, the power of this Dark Tiger Devouring martial technique is already comparable to a terrestrial-level martial technique.”

“The most powerful part of the Dark Tiger Devouring martial technique is devouring others’ inner force and true qi when fighting…”

“Facing Mo Cang who masters the Dark Tiger Devouring martial technique, Mo Xin needs to defeat him with a thunderous attack.”

…

Seeing Mo Cang’s move, the elders beside them all showed expressions of surprise.

“Dark Tiger Devouring. I underestimated Mo Cang. If Sister Mo Xin had not probed his strength, it would have been troublesome for me to face him.”

Seeing Mo Cang in the arena, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and was surprised by his strength.

“Flame Ring!”

Facing Mo Cang’s move, Mo Xin quickly counterattacked. Stretching her arms and rotating 360 degrees, the flame force on her palm formed a red fire ring, heading towards the black inner force net.

Sss…

After that, when the red fire ring and the black net collided, they emitted piercing sounds.

At the point of collision between the red fire ring and the black net, flames shot out and force waves surged, entering a stalemate.

However, soon this stalemate was broken. The flame power of the red fire ring was rapidly consumed and weakened by the black net.

“Mo Xin, you should admit defeat. You are not my match.”

Seeing that he had the upper hand in this exchange, Mo Cang said smugly.

“Humph! To make me admit defeat, this level of attack is not enough.”

After saying that, Mo Xin’s body turned into a phoenix and attacked Mo Cang proactively.

At this moment, her Half Step True Qi Realm cultivation was fully displayed.

Under the bombardment of Mo Xin’s true qi, that black inner force net vanished in an instant.

“Attacking from a distance. This is the manifestation of true qi. Mo Xin’s cultivation has reached Half Step True Qi Realm!”

Discovering Mo Xin’s cultivation, everyone in the arena showed expressions of surprise and exclaimed.

They did not expect that this year’s clan competition would have a Half Step True Qi Realm cultivator.

“Half Step True Qi Realm!”

Seeing Mo Xin display her Half Step True Qi Realm cultivation, Mo Cang’s expression turned serious and he said coldly: “So you have this backing. I underestimated you.”

“Is it too late now?”

Mo Xin raised her head and glared at Mo Cang with a slight anger.

“Is it?”

This time, when Mo Cang heard Mo Xin’s words, he showed a smug smile and said: “Although your Half Step True Qi Realm cultivation surprised me, you will still lose.”

After saying that, the aura around Mo Cang strengthened and soon reached the same level as Mo Xin’s.

Half Step True Qi Realm!

Mo Cang’s cultivation was also at Half Step True Qi Realm.

Seeing this, everyone in the arena froze.

They did not expect that Mo Cang was also at Half Step True Qi Realm cultivation.

Thus, this year’s clan competition had two Half Step True Qi Realm cultivators, which was quite surprising.

“Mo Xin, you did not expect that I am also at Half Step True Qi Realm cultivation. So in this battle, you will definitely lose.”

After displaying his Half Step True Qi Realm cultivation, Mo Cang looked at Mo Xin arrogantly and attacked her again.

Facing Mo Cang’s attack, Mo Xin showed a solemn expression and defended with all her strength.

At this moment, both Mo Xin and Mo Cang were exerting their full strength. Their attacks were fierce.

Soon, they exchanged over a hundred moves, fighting fiercely.

The place where they fought was filled with true qi, creating gusts of true qi waves.

However, if observed carefully, one could see that over time Mo Xin gradually became weaker and fell into a disadvantage.

“Looks like Sister Mo Xin cannot defeat Mo Cang.”

Watching their battle from outside the arena, Mo Qingyun sighed secretly.

From his perspective, he hoped that Mo Xin would win. However, many things did not go as planned.

“Humph! Mo Cang, you won this battle.”

After a moment, Mo Xin retreated from the arena and said to Mo Cang with reluctance: “You won.”

“Good for you!”

Mo Cang glanced at Mo Xin with a displeased expression and then looked at Mo Qingyun: “Mo Qingyun, come on.”

Hearing this, Mo Xin said before Mo Qingyun could speak: “Mo Cang, let me fight Mo Qingyun first.”

“Sister Mo Xin, you want to fight with me?”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun showed a speechless expression. What was Mo Xin planning?

At this moment, while Mo Qingyun was puzzled, Mo Cang showed a cold smile and said: “Mo Xin, playing tricks on me in front of me is useless. Do you think that after your battle with Mo Qingyun, if he deliberately admits defeat and becomes the third place in this clan competition, you can avoid fighting me?”

“Mo Cang, don’t be too much. Are you proud of your Half Step True Qi Realm cultivation fighting Mo Qingyun at Eighth Level Body Refinement?”

Seeing her plan exposed, Mo Xin’s expression turned serious and she glared at Mo Cang angrily.

“Sister Mo Xin had this in mind.”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun finally understood Mo Xin’s thoughts and shook his head.

Mo Xin did not know that even if Mo Cang fought with Mo Qingyun, Mo Qingyun would challenge him.

For the Spirit Hall, Mo Qingyun was full of anticipation. He believed that once he entered the Spirit Hall as a clan leader, his cultivation would improve rapidly.

“Too much? So what?”

Mo Cang showed a disdainful expression and looked at Mo Qingyun arrogantly, saying coldly: “In the clan competition, challenges cannot be refused. Mo Qingyun, now I challenge you.”

“Mo Cang, you…”

Seeing Mo Cang’s move, Mo Xin showed an angry expression and pointed at him, unable to speak.

Regarding Mo Xin’s anger, Mo Cang did not care and looked at Mo Qingyun coldly: “Mo Qingyun, now no one can help you. You better come up and accept your fate.”

At this moment, Mo Cang’s eyes flashed with cold light.

From his expression, it seemed he was planning to deal a heavy blow to Mo Qingyun in the battle.

“Mo Qingyun, you will be crippled by my elder brother.”

At some point, Mo Hai also came nearby and showed a smug smile.

“Mo Hai, do you believe I can cripple you first?” Mo Xin said with a frown and raised her fist.

“Sister Mo Xin, he is just a little pest. Don’t mind him.” Mo Qingyun smiled faintly at her and gestured for her not to pay attention.

Then, he looked at Mo Cang with a playful smile: “I heard that in the clan competition, if you lose the challenge, your rankings will be swapped. Right?”

Swapping rankings after losing a challenge?

When Mo Qingyun said this, everyone showed expressions of surprise and were somewhat surprised by his thoughts.

Logically speaking, Mo Qingyun should be timid now. But he said this, did it mean he had confidence in defeating Mo Cang?

Was that possible?

After all, Mo Cang was at Half Step True Qi Realm cultivation while Mo Qingyun was only at Eighth Level Body Refinement.

Moreover, Mo Cang had a tenth-grade Dark Tiger martial soul while Mo Qingyun only had a first-grade martial soul. This gap was significant.

“This kid seems unwilling to be third. Did I overlook something?”

Mo Hongtian smiled faintly and nodded in appreciation at Mo Qingyun.

Regardless of the outcome, Mo Qingyun’s courage to challenge Mo Cang was commendable.

“This kid wants to fight with Mo Cang at full strength?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s move, Mo Feipeng showed a displeased expression. He did not think Mo Qingyun could match Mo Cang.

However, now he was somewhat hopeful that a miracle would happen and Mo Qingyun could defeat Mo Cang to win first place.

Of course, Mo Feipeng was also clear that the possibility of Mo Qingyun defeating Mo Cang was very small, almost zero.

“In the clan competition, challenges cannot be refused. Even if Qingyun does not agree, we can only hope that he will not get hurt in the battle.”

Mo Yueyu showed a serious expression and said worriedly.

Hearing this, Mo Ling and the others beside her fell silent and looked at arena one with worried expressions.

Even Mo Xiao, who had blind faith in Mo Qingyun, showed a worried expression now.

In arena one,

“Do you think with your Eighth Level Body Refinement cultivation, you have a chance to defeat me?”

Mo Cang said disdainfully.

“What then?” Mo Qingyun smiled playfully.

Then, the aura around him began to rise.

In an instant, Mo Qingyun’s aura reached the peak of Initial Level Ninth Body Refinement cultivation.

Ninth Level Body Refinement, initial stage peak!

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s aura rise to the peak of Initial Level Ninth Body Refinement cultivation, everyone in the arena showed expressions of surprise.

Mo Qingyun had been holding back. His true cultivation was not Eighth Level Body Refinement but Initial Level Ninth Body Refinement peak.

“Damn, this kid is indeed a pit. He really hid his cultivation.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun display Ninth Level Body Refinement cultivation, even Mo Yi could not help but curse.

Like Mo Yi, Mo Xun was also disappointed. Seeing this, he showed a bitter smile: “This guy…”

Mo Qingyun had hidden two levels of cultivation when fighting him. This was really demoralizing.

“Ninth Level Body Refinement!”

Mo Feipeng showed an expression of surprise and laughed, saying: “Good kid. You really hid your cultivation.”

Like Mo Feipeng, Mo Yueyu and the others beside him were also excited. They clenched their fists tightly.

“Ninth Level Body Refinement, initial stage peak cultivation. It is really surprising. Now he has the qualifications to fight Mo Cang.”

Mo Hongtian smiled with satisfaction and nodded at Mo Qingyun in the arena.

“This kid already has such cultivation.”

Mo Xin showed a displeased look and glared at Mo Qingyun.

Unconsciously, her cultivation was almost catching up with him. This made her somewhat depressed.

“How did this guy cultivate? How could he cultivate so fast?”

Feeling the aura Mo Qingyun emitted in the arena, Mo Hai’s face turned pale and he showed a frightened expression.

He vaguely remembered that two months ago, Mo Qingyun was only at Second Level Body Refinement cultivation and could be easily suppressed by him.

But today, after two months, the gap between them was like a chasm.

In an instant, Mo Qingyun had surpassed him and left him far behind.

“Ninth Level Body Refinement, initial stage peak cultivation.”

At this moment, Mo Cang also showed an expression of surprise and frowned. Then he said disdainfully: “Is this your backing? But this strength is not enough in front of me.”

“Enough or not, we will know after the battle.”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and walked into arena one without haste, facing Mo Cang: “I don’t like taking advantage of others. I will give you an hour to recover your strength. An hour later, we will fight.”

“Give me an hour to recover?”

Mo Qingyun’s words made Mo Cang show a surprised expression and look at him.

After a brief surprise, his face turned gloomy. He thought Mo Qingyun was underestimating him.

Thinking this, he said with a frown: “To deal with you, I don’t need to recover.”

“I don’t want someone to say they lost because they were not in peak condition after the battle.”

Mo Qingyun shook his head and said with a raised index finger: “So, you should seize the time to recover your cultivation.”

“Since you are heading for death, don’t blame me. When I am in peak condition, you will lose even more.”

Mo Cang showed a gloomy expression and said coldly before no longer hesitating to recover his strength.

Regarding Mo Cang’s performance, Mo Qingyun did not pay attention and sat cross-legged to meditate.

Seeing this, the arena became agitated again.

“Am I seeing it right? Mo Qingyun actually gave Mo Cang an opportunity to recover. Is he stupid?”

“Mo Qingyun is a bit arrogant. Does he think he can deal with Mo Cang in peak condition?”

“Perhaps he thinks that the result is losing anyway. Losing to Mo Cang in peak condition would be better.”

…

Everyone in the arena expressed their thoughts.

Thus, everyone waited quietly for an hour.

Soon, an hour passed.

At this moment, Mo Cang opened his eyes and said coldly to Mo Qingyun: “Mo Qingyun, now I will let you know how foolish your move was.”