Soaring through the air, this was a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse, and it should be one of the Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses from the Hai family.

Upon hearing this person's words, Hai Teng’s face showed a look of joy and he shouted at the person, “Great-Great-Grandfather Kuimin, save me…”

*Boom!*

Before Hai Teng could finish his words, Mo Qingyun’s palm struck him on the head, directly and forcefully killing him.

Hai Teng, with a look of unwillingness on his face, fell to the ground with wide eyes. He did not expect that after a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse from his Hai family arrived, he would still die at Mo Qingyun’s hands.

He could not believe that Mo Qingyun dared to strike him down after seeing a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse from his Hai family.

"You brat, daring to kill my Hai family members, you are looking for death!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun strike down Hai Teng after hearing his words, the Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse from the Hai family immediately had a grim look and raised his hand to strike Mo Qingyun.

"Humph! What if I do?"

Hearing Hai Kuimin’s words, Mo Qingyun sneered and replied, "Earlier, your Hai family's two young ones said they were dogs and begged me to let them go like I would a dog."

"Humph! If you want to move our young master, you have to ask me first."

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun replied to Hai Kuimin’s words, Chilin showed a cold look and moved towards Hai Kuimin with his hand raised.

*Boom!*

When the two Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses clashed, a terrifying battle wave immediately erupted, with their essence force raging wildly.

*Pound pound pound…*

Under the terrifying wave of essence force, some nearby houses were instantly shattered into ruins.

As for those around who witnessed this, they did not hesitate and immediately fled to safety.

*Puh!*

During the escape process, some with lower cultivation levels and slower fleeing speeds were directly struck by the residual waves of battle, spitting blood and turning pale.

Subsequently, when those around looked at Chilin and Hai Kuimin, their eyes were filled with awe.

Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses were too terrifying; their destructive power was truly astonishing. Just the residual waves of battle turned hundreds of meters around into ruins, and some with weaker cultivation levels were seriously injured by the residual waves. This was truly astonishing.

At this moment, everyone had a thought in their hearts: when Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses fight, it’s better to stay far away.

Otherwise, if they were affected by the battle, like those people now, it would be too tragic.

After Chilin and Hai Kuimin clashed,

terrifying auras appeared in the border city, these were the auras of Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses.

*Whizz whizz whizz…*

Soon, everyone saw figures flying towards them at high speed.

It seemed that these Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses were all alarmed by Chilin and Hai Kuimin’s battle.

Soon, over ten Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses arrived around Chilin and Hai Kuimin.

Under the cover of over ten terrifying auras, those nearby immediately showed expressions of fear.

Being suppressed by nearly twenty Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses’ auras was truly terrifying.

Although they were frightened, everyone’s hearts were also very excited. It wasn’t easy to see so many Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses appear at once.

After these over ten Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses arrived,

an old man in golden imperial robes walked a few steps towards Chilin and Hai Kuimin, smiling faintly and said, "The two of you, couldn’t you have talked things out instead of making such a big fuss?"

"This person killed many of my family members, this debt must be settled."

Hearing the old man in golden robes’ words, Hai Kuimin showed a grim look and said to him, "So this matter, please don’t meddle, Lord Peng Lin."

Hearing Hai Kuimin’s words, Peng Lin subconsciously looked down.

Seeing the corpses on the ground, his expression changed and he was slightly startled in his heart, thinking, "This red-haired old man is so ruthless; he killed so many of the Hai family’s members in one go, no wonder Hai Kuimin is going mad."

After roughly understanding the situation,

Peng Lin looked at Chilin and asked, "Sir, can you give me an explanation? Fighting in the inner city of the border and killing patrol members violates the agreement among the major families of Xia Kingdom."

"Explanation?"

Hearing Peng Lin’s words, Mo Qingyun’s lips curled slightly and he showed a faint smile, "The reason is simple; they wanted to kill us, so we killed them in return. I believe everyone here saw this with their own eyes."

"True Essence Realm!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun speak, the Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses including Peng Lin all showed expressions of surprise and looked at Mo Qingyun.

At this moment, they suddenly realized that there was a True Essence Realm Second Stage cultivator beside Chilin.

This couldn’t be blamed on Peng Lin and the others; after all, in their eyes, True Essence Realm cultivators were too insignificant.

If not for the special occasion, Mo Qingyun, a True Essence Realm Second Stage cultivator, would never have caught their attention.

"Humph! Brat, when did it become your turn to speak?"

Seeing Mo Qingyun open his mouth, a Dan Mansion First Stage powerhouse beside Peng Lin said coldly, "Did your elders not teach you manners?"

Clearly, he thought that Mo Qingyun did not have the qualifications to speak in this situation.

Hearing this Dan Mansion First Stage powerhouse’s words, several other Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses nodded in agreement, apparently thinking that his words made sense.

In such a situation, it was indeed too presumptuous for a True Essence Realm young one to speak up.

However, when these Dan Mansion powerhouses nodded in agreement,

Chilin’s expression darkened and he said unhappily, "Sir, does it seem that you need to worry about whether my young master knows manners?"

"Master!"

Chilin’s words made everyone around change their expressions, and the way they looked at Mo Qingyun changed slightly.

A True Essence Realm cultivator having a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse as his servant was indeed something to ponder over.

At this moment, Peng Lin and the others began speculating about Mo Qingyun’s identity in their hearts.

After all, what was happening before them was too strange and abnormal.

"Who is this young man? How could he have a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse as his servant, why haven’t I heard of him before?"

"Also that red-haired old man, with his Dan Mansion Second Stage cultivation in Xia Kingdom, shouldn’t he be a well-known figure?"

"Could they come from some hidden family in our Xia Kingdom?"

...

At this moment, various speculations appeared in Peng Lin and the others’ hearts.

Not only were Peng Lin and the others guessing Mo Qingyun’s identity, even Hai Kuimin was frowning with a changing expression.

It seemed that after learning about Chilin and Mo Qingyun’s relationship, he had some reservations.

There was no way around it; this scene before him was too abnormal, making him have to be cautious.

After all, a family that could make a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse willingly become their servant was definitely very powerful.

Knowing the pride of Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses, if they were not much stronger than him, how could he lower his dignity and become a servant?

In the entire Xia Kingdom, no family had made Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses their servants; at most they were family protectors.

From this, one could see how difficult it was to make a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse become a servant.

The more he thought about this, the more Hai Kuimin became wary of Mo Qingyun and Chilin.

At this moment,

Mo Qingyun narrowed his eyes and looked at the Dan Mansion First Stage powerhouse, saying coldly, "Whether my elders taught me manners has nothing to do with you. Also, when did it become your turn to speak?"

When did it become your turn to speak?

As soon as Mo Qingyun said this, everyone’s expressions changed and their hearts jolted. The way they looked at Mo Qingyun changed again.

He was challenging a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse!

A True Essence Realm person daring to challenge a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse, this was truly crazy.

But when everyone saw Mo Qingyun’s actions now, they couldn’t look at him as a fool.

In their eyes, only two possibilities could explain why a True Essence Realm person dared to speak to a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse like this.

One was that he had confidence, and the other was that he was a fool.

But Mo Qingyun clearly wasn’t the latter; this meant his actions were confident.

Thinking of this, that Dan Mansion First Stage powerhouse’s expression twitched and a strong sense of wariness rose in his heart.

Then, this Dan Mansion First Stage powerhouse showed a mocking smile and said apologetically, "Haha, it was my impetuousness. I hope this young sir can forgive me."

A Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse apologizing to a True Essence Realm young one?

Seeing this, everyone’s expressions changed and they felt it was so unreal.

This was truly against common sense.

At this moment, those with True Essence and Nascent Soul Realm cultivation saw this and their expressions became excited.

"Damn, so cool. A True Essence Realm person can make a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse yield."

"Boss, do you take disciples? I’ll follow you from now on. You’re my guiding light."

"So domineering, I like being dominated by such a man and let him ride me."

"If he looks at me once, I’ll die happily. So cool, so domineering, so powerful."

...

At this moment, those with True Essence and Nascent Soul Realm cultivation all spoke excitedly.

A True Essence Realm person daring a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse and making him yield, was there anything more impressive than this?

This scene before them was truly a miracle.

As for Peng Lin and the other Dan Mansion Realm powerhouses, they did not show mocking expressions when seeing this.

After all, Mo Qingyun’s identity was special; it wasn’t worth provoking him without reason.

Provoking an unknown terrifying existence over a word was not worthwhile.

After a brief moment of daze,

Peng Lin showed a faint smile and looked at Mo Qingyun, saying with a smile, "Young sir, fighting is forbidden in the inner city of the border. This is an agreement among the major families of Xia Kingdom. I hope you can give me a favor and not fight here."

Seeing Peng Lin’s actions, everyone around changed their expressions again, somewhat surprised by his attitude.

Peng Lin was a Dan Mansion Fourth Stage powerhouse; he treated Mo Qingyun politely now.

Compared to Hai Teng, he was simply weak. He was just a second-generation rich kid relying on his family.

At this moment,

those with Nascent Soul and True Essence Realm cultivation all had such thoughts in their hearts, feeling strong disdain for Hai Teng.

Hearing Peng Lin’s words,

Mo Qingyun frowned and quickly thought in his heart. He had shown strength earlier, facing that Dan Mansion First Stage person by taking advantage of everyone’s fear.

But now, if he continued to act arrogantly and violate the agreement among the major families of Xia Kingdom,

he would be challenging them.

Although he was not afraid of the major families of Xia Kingdom, it wasn’t wise to provoke them now.

After all, with Chilin and him, they could not yet prove that they could contend against nearly twenty Dan Mansion powerhouses.

If a battle broke out, their only way would be to escape through the teleportation gate.

This was not what he wanted; he still needed Chilin to enter the Hundred Kingdom Battlefield and develop a Dan Mansion army there.

Thinking of this,

Mo Qingyun showed a faint smile and replied to Peng Lin, "Since Lord Peng Lin has spoken, I will give you some face."

"Then thank you young sir."

Seeing Mo Qingyun giving him face, Peng Lin was somewhat surprised and quickly thanked him.

After all, Mo Qingyun had not given any face to that Dan Mansion First Stage person earlier; now treating him like this, he had gained a lot of face and felt secretly pleased.

This was the difference.

After replying to Peng Lin,

Mo Qingyun did not say anything more and walked towards the outer city of the border. Before leaving, he looked at Hai Kuimin coldly and said, "Old dog of the Hai family, I’ll wait for you in the outer city."

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions,

Chilin did not say anything more and followed him towards the outer city of the border.

"Old dog of the Hai family, I’ll wait for you in the outer city!"

As soon as Mo Qingyun said this,

everyone’s expressions changed and they were shocked by his actions. His actions were too arrogant, too domineering.

A True Essence Realm person daring to treat a Dan Mansion Realm powerhouse like this; in the entire Xia Kingdom, there was probably only Mo Qingyun.

Then everyone looked at Hai Kuimin with strange expressions,

wanting to see how he would respond. A Dan Mansion Third Stage powerhouse being challenged by a True Essence Realm person, his anger must be great.

"You brat, you’ve gone too far!"

Feeling everyone’s mocking gaze,

Hai Kuimin’s face darkened and he said through gritted teeth, "No matter who you are, today I’ll tear you to pieces and vent my anger."

Saying this angrily,

Hai Kuimin moved towards the outer city of the border.

Seeing Hai Kuimin’s actions, everyone changed their expressions and looked at him with anticipation.

There was a good show to watch!

At this moment, everyone’s hearts were filled with such thoughts and they looked forward eagerly.

They wanted to know who would be the last one standing in the battle between Mo Qingyun and Hai Kuimin.

Moments later,

in the outer city of the border, Mo Qingyun and Hai Kuimin faced each other.

"Your background is mysterious, but it can’t scare me."

Hai Kuimin looked at Mo Qingyun with a fierce expression and said through gritted teeth, "Today I’ll let you know that being too domineering isn’t always a good thing."

Hearing Hai Kuimin’s words,

Mo Qingyun curled his lips and replied disdainfully, "Old dog of the Hai family, are you hiding your fear behind all these words?"

"You brat, you’re looking for death!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words,

Hai Kuimin’s face darkened even more and he said angrily, then attacked Mo Qingyun.

He unleashed the Heaven Scorpion Poison Palm,

and as his palm struck out, a terrifying essence force wave erupted from him. The aura of a Dan Mansion Third Stage powerhouse was fully displayed.

At the same time,

a huge black scorpion shadow condensed rapidly under his palm.

*Hisss hiss…*

As soon as the huge black scorpion shadow appeared, it twisted its huge body and rushed towards Mo Qingyun, exuding a strong poison mist.

Under this poison mist,

the sky seemed to darken as if covered by dark clouds, making people feel uneasy.

So powerful!

Everyone’s hearts trembled at this moment and they looked at Hai Kuimin with awe.

"Humph!"

Seeing Hai Kuimin attack,

Chilin’s expression turned cold and he attacked with a cold snort.

Blood mist弥漫

As Chilin moved,

a terrifying blood mist spread around him, like a blood cloud.

Under the cover of this blood mist,

the surroundings turned red and gave people an eerie feeling.

*Hisss hiss…*

The blood mist around Chilin’s body collided with the poison gas on the huge black scorpion, causing sparks to fly.

Blood Devouring Demon Palm

At the same time,

Chilin struck out with his palm, and a huge blood-colored palm shadow formed as essence force surged wildly.

*Boom!*

As soon as the huge blood-colored palm formed,

it struck the black scorpion with a force that seemed to split heaven and earth.

The huge black scorpion was struck by the blood-colored palm,

and it twisted its body frantically, struggling wildly.

*Boom boom boom…*

Under the black scorpion’s frantic struggle,

it collided with the blood-colored palm repeatedly, causing wild essence force waves to erupt.

Under these essence force waves,

the earth shook and the sky changed color. Some with weaker cultivation levels could hardly stand steadily under this essence force impact.

Seeing this,

everyone’s expressions changed and they were shocked.

"What is the background of this red-haired old man? Such terrifying strength, Hai Kuimin can’t handle him."

"The blood power on his body is so strong; in terms of power comprehension, he’s much stronger than Hai Kuimin."

"Not only that, if observed carefully, it seems he has the upper hand."

"From now on, the Hai family will have trouble. They’ve angered such a fierce person; they’ll be in for headaches."

...

At this moment,

Peng Lin and the others’ expressions kept changing, sighing in their hearts.

They never expected that Chilin,

with weaker cultivation, would have the upper hand in this battle.

"Break for me!"

At this moment,

as everyone was shocked, Chilin said coldly and his aura surged.

As Chilin’s aura rose,

the power of the blood-colored palm also increased.

Then, he grabbed the huge black scorpion with his palm,

holding it tightly.

*Boom!*

As soon as he grabbed the huge black scorpion with his palm,

he crushed it, turning it into essence force and dispersing it in the world.

Hai Kuimin’s attack was broken!

Seeing this,

everyone’s expressions changed and they were excited, their hearts rising to their throats.

Compared to the shock of those with Nascent Soul and True Essence Realm cultivation,

Peng Lin and the others’ shock was even stronger.

Five-layer power!

Because they sensed that Chilin’s power had reached a terrifying five layers.

With only Dan Mansion Fifth Stage cultivation,

comprehending five-layer power was truly astonishing.

At this moment, Chilin and Mo Qingyun became even more mysterious in everyone’s eyes.

"Good… good terrifying power! Under this power, I almost had no resistance."

"With only Dan Mansion Second Stage cultivation,

he comprehended five-layer power; this red-haired old man has such terrifying comprehension."

"Yes, now it seems Hai Kuimin is in trouble."

...

Feeling Chilin’s terrifying power,

Peng Lin and the others showed expressions of shock, their hearts trembling.

At this moment,

they truly understood how terrifying Chilin’s strength was.

Now they really knew why Mo Qingyun did not take Hai Kuimin seriously.

With Chilin’s current combat strength,

he could contend with a Dan Mansion Third Stage like Hai Kuimin, and even a mid-stage Dan Mansion powerhouse.

"Lord Peng Lin, can you defeat this red-haired old man?"

After calming down,

the Dan Mansion First Stage powerhouse asked Peng Lin.

Hearing his words,

Peng Lin showed a bitter smile and shook his head, "I’m not his match."

Although this result made Peng Lin lose some face,

he had to admit that he was not Chilin’s match.

"Huh!"

Hearing Peng Lin’s words,

everyone around sucked in a breath and their expressions became somewhat grim.

With Peng Lin’s strength, he was already an absolute peak in the border city.

However,

he still said that he could not defeat Chilin, showing how terrifying Chilin’s strength was.

"Five… five-layer power!"

Feeling Chilin’s power,

Hai Kuimin’s expression twitched and a sense of fear rose in his heart.

His power was only two layers,

and such a huge gap in power could easily make up for the difference in cultivation.

Seeing this,

Hai Kuimin’s fighting spirit waned and he became hesitant.

"Run!"

As his fighting spirit dwindled,

Hai Kuimin had such an idea and did not want to stay any longer.

He was somewhat worried that if he continued fighting,

he might be left here.

As soon as this thought came to mind,

Hai Kuimin did not hesitate and turned to flee.

"Want to run, can you?"

Seeing Hai Kuimin’s actions,

Mo Qingyun curled his lips and showed a mocking smile.

"You can’t run!"

Seeing Hai Kuimin’s actions,

Chilin also showed a cold smile and moved towards him.

Moments later,

Hai Kuimin’s path was blocked by Chilin.

Seeing his path blocked,

Hai Kuimin gritted his teeth and looked at Chilin angrily, "Don’t bully me too much. If I’m pushed to the limit, you’ll pay a price."

"Old dog of the Hai family, you’re overestimating yourself."

Hearing Hai Kuimin’s words,

Mo Qingyun showed a mocking smile and said disdainfully.

"Humph! Arrogant brat, I can still leave if you don’t stop me."

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words,

Hai Kuimin’s face darkened and he turned to flee again.

"Can you?"

Hearing Hai Kuimin’s words,

Mo Qingyun curled his lips and showed a cold smile.

Light Gate Soul, appear!

As soon as Mo Qingyun said this,

he summoned his Light Gate Soul.

Then a white light gate shadow appeared above him, exuding an ancient aura.

Seal Gate, seal him!

Summoning his Light Gate Soul,

Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and used a soul technique on Hai Kuimin.

As soon as the soul technique was unleashed,

a miniature light gate condensed rapidly in his palm and struck Hai Kuimin swiftly.

Then the miniature light gate entered Hai Kuimin’s body,

sealing his blood circulation.

*Puh!*

With his blood circulation sealed,

Hai Kuimin spat out a line of blood and turned pale.

What truly frightened him was that he found his cultivation rapidly decreasing.

Moments later,

his cultivation fell to Dan Mansion Second Stage, and he showed a look of fear.

"How… how could this happen!"

Feeling his cultivation fall to Dan Mansion Second Stage,

Hai Kuimin’s heart truly panicked.

Originally, with his Dan Mansion Third Stage cultivation,

he was not Chilin’s match. Now at Dan Mansion Second Stage, the result could be imagined.

Maybe he would really die here this time.

Seeing Hai Kuimin’s panic,

Mo Qingyun did not pay attention and said to Chilin, "Don’t hold back, strike him down."

"Yes, Young Master!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words,

Chilin’s eyes flashed with blood and he looked at Hai Kuimin coldly.

"Thousand-foot Poison Scorpion, appear!"

Seeing Chilin approaching,

Hai Kuimin did not hesitate and summoned his soul.

Then a black scorpion shadow over twenty meters long appeared above him.

Seeing Hai Kuimin’s soul,

Mo Qingyun showed a look of surprise; his soul was a super soul.

However, it was only an ordinary level eleven, barely entering the realm of super souls.

Poison Scorpion Dance!

After summoning his soul,

Hai Kuimin did not hesitate and unleashed a soul technique.

As soon as the soul technique was unleashed,

black scorpion shadows appeared around him, exuding poison mist and rushing towards Chilin swiftly.

Seven Fiend Bloodstained Dragon, appear!

Seeing Hai Kuimin summon his soul,

Chilin also summoned his soul without hesitation.

Roar…

As soon as Chilin summoned his soul,

dragon roars sounded above him.

Then a huge figure with seven heads appeared in everyone’s sight.

This was the Twelve Level Apex Soul, Seven Fiend Bloodstained Dragon Soul.

Seeing this,

everyone’s hearts trembled and they looked at Chilin with awe.

A Twelve Level Soul; such a powerful soul, even in the Great Yan Dynasty,

it was rare to see one.

Who is this red-haired old man?

Seeing Chilin’s soul,

everyone’s curiosity reached its peak.

Terrifying power comprehension, powerful souls; all this made Chilin mysterious.

"Twelve Level Apex Soul, such a powerful soul. Even in the Great Yan Dynasty,

such souls are rare."

"Also that young man’s soul is very strange; his soul technique can seal others’ blood power."

"Who are these two? With such extraordinary talent and strength, why haven’t we heard of them before?"

...

At this moment,

Peng Lin and the others all had strong doubts and curiosity.

However, they also clearly understood that with Mo Qingyun and Chilin’s current strength and potential,

even if they could not be friends with them in the future, they definitely could not become enemies.

At this moment,

Mo Qingyun and Chilin made them feel very dangerous. Not only were they powerful, but also had many means and terrifying potential.

If they offended such people,

when their wings were fully grown, it would be a terrifying thing.

Dragon World Destruction!

After summoning his soul,

Chilin did not hesitate and unleashed a soul technique.

Then terrifying blood mist formed seven terrifying dragon shadows,

rushing towards Hai Kuimin with a world-destroying power.

Roar roar roar…

Terrifying dragon roars sounded from the seven blood dragons,

causing the earth to shake.

*Hisss hiss…*

The black scorpions collided with the blood dragons,

being torn apart and disappearing in an instant.

After breaking through the scorpion shadows,

the seven blood dragons continued rushing towards Hai Kuimin without slowing down.

"How… how could this happen!"

Seeing this,

Hai Kuimin was shocked and showed a look of fear.

He did not expect that his soul technique would be so easily defeated by Chilin’s.

*Boom…*

As Hai Kuimin was shocked,

the seven blood dragon shadows struck him forcefully, sending him flying.

*Puh!*

Struck by the blood dragon shadow,

Hai Kuimin spat out a mouthful of blood and turned pale, his aura rapidly shrinking.

Seeing Hai Kuimin struck down by his soul technique,

Chilin showed a cold smile and said, "Hahahaha, your techniques are exhausted. Let me send you on your way."

Blood Devouring Demon Palm

As soon as Chilin said this,

he struck Hai Kuimin with a palm, and terrifying essence force erupted from him.

As soon as this essence force appeared,

it formed a blood-colored palm, rushing towards Hai Kuimin with irresistible power.

Seeing the terrifying and powerful blood-colored palm,

Hai Kuimin’s expression twitched, a sense of fear rising in his heart.

He was sure that if struck by this palm,

he would be flattened and die instantly.

Soul Transformation!

Thinking of this,

Hai Kuimin did not hesitate and underwent a soul transformation, making his last desperate struggle.

Then everyone saw Hai Kuimin’s body turn into a twenty-meter-long black scorpion,

his eyes flashing with dark cold light.

*Hisss hiss…*

After the soul transformation,

Hai Kuimin spat out a large ball of poison mist, forming a ghostly face and rushing towards the blood-colored palm.

*Boom!*

The ghostly poison mist faced the blood-colored palm,

being struck away and exploding, dispersing in the world.

Then the blood-colored palm continued rushing towards Hai Kuimin without slowing down.

Next,

the soul-transformed Hai Kuimin was struck forcefully by the blood-colored palm, being sent into the ground.

*Hack hack…*

After being struck into the ground,

Hai Kuimin returned to human form, coughing up blood and turning pale.

At this moment,

Hai Kuimin no longer had the dignity of a Dan Mansion powerhouse; he was an old man waiting to die.

Seeing Hai Kuimin’s miserable state,

Chilin did not show any mercy and struck him again.

*Crack!*

With a claw strike,

Chilin grabbed Hai Kuimin’s head and crushed it.

"You…!"

With Chilin’s claw strike,

Hai Kuimin let out a look of unwillingness and fell to the ground with wide eyes.

Thus,

a Dan Mansion Third Stage powerhouse died!

Seeing this,

everyone fell silent, unable to speak for a long time.

Especially those with Nascent Soul and True Essence Realm cultivation,

they were shocked to see a Dan Mansion powerhouse killed like this.

Dan Mansion powerhouses, absolute kings in Xia Kingdom,

were now killed forcefully by someone.

After killing Hai Kuimin,

Chilin waved his hand and put Hai Kuimin’s corpse in a spatial bag.

Hai Kuimin’s corpse was a precious medicinal pill to him and could not be wasted like this.

Seeing Chilin’s actions,

everyone sighed again; a Dan Mansion powerhouse died, and even his corpse could not be kept.

"Hai Kuimin… he was forcefully killed by that red-haired old man."

"From this, we underestimated the strength of this red-haired old man."

"If he undergoes a soul transformation,

his strength should be even more terrifying."

"Entering the Hundred Kingdom Battlefield, he would be a terrifying existence,

causing great changes in the battlefield."

...

At this moment,

Peng Lin and the others sighed, each with their own thoughts.

"Let’s go!"

Seeing Chilin kill Hai Kuimin,

Mo Qingyun did not want to stay and gestured at Chilin, walking towards the inner city of the border.

As for those around,

Mo Qingyun did not pay attention to their reactions. In his heart, he wanted to quickly refine Hai Kuimin’s blood essence and did not want to waste time here.

Seeing Mo Qingyun and Chilin leave,

everyone showed expressions of awe, making way for them.

At this moment,

Mo Qingyun and Chilin had completely conquered everyone with their strength.

As Mo Qingyun prepared to return to the inner city of the border,

Lord Peng Lin suddenly called out, "Young sir, please wait a moment."

? ?ps: Requesting recommendations, donations, and collections!

? ?

Thank you to reader ☆許你一世無忧☆ for donating 100 book coins to "Supreme Ancient Monarch"!

? ?