Mo Qingyun wore a bitter smile.

“Giggle!”

When Mo Qingyun answered, Mo Xiao immediately covered her mouth and giggled, looking cute and beautiful.

Chapter 58: Confronting the Elders (Second Update) ()

In a blink, several hours passed and it was time for the New Year’s Eve dinner.

Every year on New Year’s Eve, all members of the Mo family would gather together to celebrate. As the first among the younger generation in the competition, Mo Qingyun naturally could not be absent.

At the start of the New Year’s Eve dinner, Mo Qingyun and Mo Xiao arrived at the banquet hall of the Mo family.

When Mo Qingyun arrived, everyone’s gaze immediately focused on him. The elders wore approving looks while the younger generation looked at him with awe, fervor, and admiration.

Under everyone’s gaze, Mo Qingyun calmly walked to a spot and sat down. Mo Xiao sat beside him.

Moments later, Mo Hongtian and the other elders arrived one by one.

“Let’s start the New Year’s Eve dinner.”

Seeing everyone had gathered, Mo Hongtian chuckled and gestured to the crowd.

After that, people started eating and chatting merrily among themselves.

Soon after, Mo Zhirong wore a sly smile and said to Mo Qingyun with a grin: “Nephew Qingyun, I heard from Cang that you said in the previous month’s test that after the competition ends, you would hand over several martial techniques to the family?”

“Stripping me of my qualification to enter the Spirit Hall and now wanting my martial techniques, you really are greedy.”

Hearing Mo Zhirong’s words, Mo Qingyun glanced at him disdainfully and asked feigning confusion: “Did I say that? Why can’t I remember?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s innocent look, Mo Xiao and the other girls beside him giggled and rolled their eyes at him, thinking: “This guy really acts like it, giggle!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s answer, Mo Zhirong and the others were momentarily stunned with some hidden anger.

They did not expect that Mo Qingyun would go back on his word, clearly lying with his eyes wide open.

“Mo Qingyun, you actually want to go back on your word. Many people heard what you said that day.”

At this moment, Mo Cang wore an angry look and pointed at Mo Qingyun, challenging him.

In his view, Mo Qingyun would not be able to argue after being publicly questioned by him.

“Go back on your word?”

Facing his challenge, Mo Qingyun looked unconcerned and mocked him with a glance: “Mo Cang, I was just talking casually. You took it seriously; your intelligence… you’re in a hurry.”

“You…”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s almost ruffian-like performance, Mo Cang was speechless with anger.

Seeing Mo Cang’s flustered look, Mo Qingyun sneered and said disdainfully: “Mo Cang, you are the first in talent among our Mo family’s younger generation. Your intelligence is dragging your talent behind.”

Mo Qingyun continued: “Think about it, even the matter of entering the Spirit Hall after winning the competition can be casually mentioned and changed at any time. I said that I would give a few martial techniques to the family casually, why can’t it be?”

Hearing this, Mo Cang was speechless again and did not know how to refute.

After a brief moment of being at a loss, Mo Cang’s face darkened and he coldly said to Mo Qingyun: “Nonsense, who said the choice of people entering the Spirit Hall can be casually changed?”

Hearing Mo Cang’s words, Mo Qingyun wore a playful look and said: “Oh! Is that so? Then why was my qualification to enter the Spirit Hall suddenly changed to yours? Are you first or second in the competition?”

“I…”

When Mo Qingyun said this, Mo Cang’s face turned red with embarrassment and was speechless.

Feeling like he had been publicly humiliated, Mo Qingyun knew that he was third in the competition but asked if he was first or second.

“Trouble!”

Seeing this, Mo Kuide and the others changed their expressions, sighing: “What a cunning lad, deliberately setting up a trap for Cang to fall into. Cang was too careless and fell into this lad’s trap, now it’s a bit troublesome.”

Although Mo Kuide and the others cursed Mo Qingyun in their hearts, they could not help but admit that his intelligence at this age was truly terrifying.

Compared to Mo Qingyun, Mo Cang fell far behind in terms of intelligence.

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun spoke, the banquet hall suddenly became noisy.

“Entering the Spirit Hall to cultivate is Mo Cang? Isn’t Mo Qingyun first in the competition?”

“Mo Cang entering the Spirit Hall to cultivate? Isn’t only the first in the competition qualified to enter the Spirit Hall?”

“Unfair, why should Mo Cang be allowed into the Spirit Hall? What’s the point of being first in the competition then?”

“The first in the competition entering the Spirit Hall? It’s all nonsense, clearly a trick by these elders.”

…

For a moment, various complaints came from the crowd.

“This lad is quite vengeful. It seems he cares a lot about not being able to enter the Spirit Hall.”

Seeing this, Mo Feilin smiled slyly and said: “But Qingyun’s move is really ruthless, hitting the nail on the head!”

“This clever little rascal, always hard to figure out. This time Kuide and the others are in trouble.”

Mo Feipeng and Mo Yueyu smiled approvingly, looking at Kuide and the others with amusement.

“He didn’t even give us a heads up, almost tricked me too. After all, I’m the family head.”

Mo Hongtian smiled helplessly and shook his head before looking at Mo Kuide: “Grand Elder, this decision was made by you. You should give everyone an explanation.”

After saying that, Mo Hongtian gave Mo Kuide a challenging look.

Clearly telling him: Old fellow, you’ve hit yourself with the stone you picked up.

“This…”

Suddenly being outwitted by Mo Hongtian, Mo Kuide’s expression twitched and he did not know how to answer.

At this moment, his gaze towards Mo Qingyun changed unconsciously again.

He realized that he had underestimated Mo Qingyun, unknowingly letting him drag him into the situation.

Then, Mo Kuide sighed involuntarily: “If Cang had one-third of Qingyun’s intelligence, they wouldn’t be in such a passive situation now.”

At this moment, when Mo Kuide did not know how to answer, Mo Qingyun smiled at him and said: “Grand Elder, I understand your thoughts. The first in the competition entering the Spirit Hall to cultivate is just a joke to encourage younger generations to work hard. It’s not to be taken seriously, the Spirit Hall is naturally reserved for younger generations with good talent.”

“Your words are like saying you’ll give a few martial techniques to the family, just a joke. I understand!”

At this point, Mo Qingyun emphasized “I understand” with his voice.

Snap!

It seemed everyone heard a loud slap in their hearts.

Everyone knew that Mo Qingyun was not covering for Mo Kuide but mocking him.

From this moment on, the image of Mo Kuide as someone who breaks his word and uses power for personal gain was firmly rooted in the hearts of the younger generation.

Seeing everyone’s changed gaze towards Mo Kuide, Mo Zhirong frowned beside him and signaled a middle-aged man to speak up for Mo Kuide.

The middle-aged man, seeing this, frowned and said coldly: “Humph! Arrogant young generation, how can you compare to Grand Elder? You are a younger generation of the family and contributing to the family is your honor. You should feel honored about it, hand over your martial techniques.”

“Honored? Handing over martial techniques?”

Hearing these words, Mo Qingyun glanced at him disdainfully and said coldly: “If you say it like that, as an elder, shouldn’t you set a good example? Now the younger generation is cultivating hard. This elder, why don’t you contribute your mother for everyone to enjoy? I believe everyone will remember your kindness.”

“Ha ha…”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the banquet hall burst into laughter.

“What a good insult!”

Mo Feipeng and others laughed happily, secretly pleased, giving Mo Qingyun a thumbs up.

“Ruffian!”

The girls like Mo Xiao blushed and glared at Mo Qingyun fiercely.

“Wicked child, disregarding respect.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the elder’s face darkened and said coldly: “Humph! As a younger generation, insulting an elder is against the family rules. I will now punish you according to the clan’s regulations.”

Then, this middle-aged elder was about to take action against Mo Qingyun.

“Seventh Elder, you are overstepping.”

Seeing the elder’s actions, Mo Hongtian’s face darkened and said unhappily: “Qingyun, you were just speaking the truth. Can’t we speak the truth in our Mo family? You are squabbling with a young generation, it’s too much.”

Mo Hongtian continued: “Moreover, do not impose on others what you do not desire. You can’t even do it yourself, how can you demand a child to?”

Hearing Mo Hongtian’s words, the expressions of those around him became strange.

Mo Hongtian was asking the Seventh Elder to contribute his mother!

Truly powerful, as a family head.

Mo Qingyun looked at Mo Hongtian with a strange expression and said: “Grandfather, the injuries I sustained in the competition have not healed yet. Just now being startled by Seventh Elder made my internal injuries flare up again, I feel unwell and want to rest.”

“Since you are feeling unwell, then go back and rest well.”

Mo Hongtian looked at Mo Qingyun strangely and nodded in approval of his request, looking at him approvingly.

“Cunning little rascal, knows how to slip away after causing trouble. It’s good for him to go back, these people are ugly.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s request approved, the girls like Mo Xin followed and asked Mo Hongtian: “Grandfather, Qingyun is alone going back, we are not at ease. Can I go and take care of him?”

“Your consideration is reasonable, then you can accompany Qingyun back.”

Seeing the girls’ actions, Mo Hongtian smiled helplessly and nodded in approval.

Chapter 59: Past Events (Third Update) ()

Old injuries not healed, old injuries flared up due to being startled by the Seventh Elder?

After Mo Qingyun and others left, everyone in the banquet hall was still chewing on his words, feeling helpless.

This Qingyun lad is too cunning.

If the Seventh Elder could really scare him into flaring up his old injuries, he wouldn’t be Mo Qingyun.

Thinking of this, everyone in the banquet hall sighed: “This year’s first in the competition is not an easy person.”

“What a interesting little fellow, let Yi and him get to know each other more in the future.”

Looking at Mo Qingyun’s back, an old man beside Mo Hongtian smiled slyly.

This old man was none other than Mo Yi’s grandfather, the Second Elder of the Mo family, Mo Kuixin, with a True Essence Realm Seventh Level cultivation.

Perhaps because of Mo Qingyun’s reason, the New Year’s Eve dinner continued to be tasteless.

…

…

On another side, after leaving the banquet hall, Mo Qingyun returned to his residence.

As for Mo Ling and the other three girls, they naturally followed him back to his place.

“Smelly boy, you acted quite convincingly just now. I almost believed you.”

In Mo Qingyun’s residence, Mo Xin glared at him and pushed his shoulder with her jade hand.

“Haha, not bad.” Mo Qingyun chuckled.

“Qingyun, everyone was very dissatisfied with Grand Elder’s actions just now. Why didn’t you try to fight for it?”

Mo Ling frowned and asked puzzledly: “If you had the support of everyone, perhaps you could have fought back for your chance to enter the Spirit Hall.”

“I can’t get my qualification to enter the Spirit Hall back.”

Mo Qingyun shook his head and said solemnly: “If it was that easy to get back, they wouldn’t have taken it from me so easily. Don’t forget, Grandfather is the head of our Mo family.”

Hearing this, Mo Ling and others fell silent, agreeing with Mo Qingyun’s thoughts.

With the head of the family, Mo Hongtian, unable to stop Mo Kuide and others from taking away Mo Qingyun’s qualification to enter the Spirit Hall, how could they get it back in a few words at the New Year’s Eve dinner?

After that, Mo Qingyun and others chatted for a while before the three girls left.

Not long after they left, Mo Feilin unexpectedly came to his residence.

“Fourth Uncle, you’re here!”

Seeing Mo Feilin arrive, Mo Qingyun greeted him with a faint smile.

“I came to see if you ate anything at the banquet hall, so I brought some food over.”

Mo Feilin smiled faintly and took out the wine and dishes, saying: “The New Year’s Eve dinner food is quite good, try it.”

“Fourth Uncle, you should eat some too. There’s so much food, how can I finish it all?”

Mo Qingyun chuckled and poured a cup of wine for Mo Feilin.

“Alright!”

Seeing this, Mo Feilin did not refuse and nodded in agreement, sighing: “Another year has passed. I still remember last New Year’s Eve night when we were sitting in the courtyard, drinking and chatting. I didn’t expect that you would become the first among our Mo family’s younger generation this year.”

“What about it? Am I still your nephew?”

Mo Qingyun shrugged and said with a smirk.

“Youngster, it seems you’re not satisfied about this?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mo Feilin gave him a light slap and said unhappily.

“How could I be? I’m still happy about it.”

Mo Qingyun grinned and waved his hand to explain.

“You’re a smart lad!”

Mo Feilin bumped Mo Qingyun with his arm and raised his cup, saying: “Don’t just stand there, let’s drink.”

“Alright!” Mo Qingyun responded and clinked his cup with Mo Feilin’s.

Thus, time passed as they drank together.

As time went by, a hint of drunkenness appeared on Mo Feilin’s face and he said gratefully: “Speaking of which, I should thank you and your father.”

“Thank me and my father?”

Mo Qingyun looked puzzled at Mo Feilin.

“This goes back seventeen years.”

Mo Feilin smiled faintly and said with a sigh: “That year, your father left the Mo family to train outside and took me along to Lianyun City. It was my first time leaving the Mo family.”

“It was then that I met Wu Rou in Lianyun City and fell for her at first sight. But back then, I was clumsy, had poor talent, and lacked courage to confess…”

Mo Feilin slowly recounted the years of his relationship with Wu Rou.

“Fourth Uncle and Fourth Aunt have known each other for seventeen years!”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun was surprised and sighed.

Fourth Uncle and Fourth Aunt’s love story is truly full of twists and turns.

Mo Feilin smiled bitterly and continued: “When your father knew about it, he directly took me to Wu’s family to propose. The head of the Wu family at that time was not Wu Bingtian, and when he recognized your father, he immediately agreed to our marriage.”

“Was my father’s reputation great?”

Mo Qingyun asked curiously.

“A bit greater than yours.”

Mo Feilin nodded and said: “Your father’s talent was extraordinary, at twenty years old he had already reached the Second Level of True Essence Realm and was one of the three young masters in Lianyun City, his reputation rivaling that of the elders.”

“How strong was my father!”

Mo Qingyun was surprised and asked puzzledly.

“What happened later?”

“Later, it happened two years after that.”

Mo Feilin sorted out his emotions and continued: “To thank your father for the match, Wu Rou and I planned to get married when he returned. But we waited two years.”

“Two years later, your father came back covered in blood with wounds all over his body. He handed you to me and left.”

“My father was seriously injured!”

Mo Qingyun’s heart shook, feeling surprised about his father’s injuries and asked: “What happened then?”

“What happened later?”

Mo Feilin said with a bitter smile, powerless: “Later, when Wu’s family heard about your father’s injuries, they started to obstruct our relationship and set impossible conditions for us. We’ve been in this deadlock ever since.”

After listening to Mo Feilin’s recount, Mo Qingyun fell silent, feeling for the two of them.

Mo Feilin sighed again and said with a smile: “I thought that I would never be able to be together with Wu Rou in this life, but thanks to your appearance, there’s hope again.”

At that moment, Mo Feilin felt that his years of waiting were worth it; they finally had a chance to be together.

“Let’s not talk about this, let’s drink!”

Mo Feilin raised his cup and clinked it with Mo Qingyun.

Thus, Mo Qingyun and Mo Feilin drank and chatted until they fell asleep.

The next day, the sun rose slowly, spreading its warmth and radiating dazzling light.

Under the sunlight, Mo Qingyun and Mo Feilin rubbed their sleepy eyes and woke up.

“I was almost drunk by you last night, I nearly forgot about the important matter.”

After waking up, Mo Feilin shook his head and rubbed his forehead, saying: “Before I came back, the elders from the Alchemy Guild told me to pass on a message to you. They said that after the New Year, you should return to the Alchemy Guild.”

“After the New Year, I have to go back to the Alchemy Guild?”

Hearing this news, Mo Qingyun was surprised.

Mo Feilin smiled bitterly and continued: “They also said that if you don’t go back soon, they will come to the Mo family and take you.”

“Damn those three old fellows!”

Mo Qingyun felt a headache, cursing and asked Mo Feilin: “Fourth Uncle, when are you going back to Lianyun City?”

“Soon!” Mo Feilin smiled.

“Alright, I’ll pack up and go with you to Lianyun City.”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and made a decision.

Chapter 60: I Said Roll Over, Not Walk! ()

After a moment, Mo Qingyun packed his belongings and went to Mo Feilin’s residence.

To his surprise, the three girls like Mo Xin were also waiting outside Mo Feilin’s courtyard.

“Sister Ling, what are you all doing?”

Seeing the girls’ preparations, Mo Qingyun looked puzzled and asked.

“Of course we’re going to Lianyun City with Fourth Uncle, I haven’t been there before.”

Mo Xiao blinked and smiled at Mo Qingyun.

“You smelly boy, you didn’t even notify us when going to Lianyun City for fun. You’re really not considerate.”

Mo Xin glared at Mo Qingyun and said with a sly smile: “But we’ll give you an opportunity to make up for it. We’ll let you cover all our expenses in Lianyun City.”

“…”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun was speechless.

So the last sentence was the main point!

“Fourth Uncle is here.”

Mo Ling pointed at Mo Feilin approaching and reminded the others.

“All of you are here, let’s go.”

Mo Feilin chuckled and led Mo Qingyun and others out of the Mo family, heading to Lianyun City.

Since it was their first time going outside, everything for the girls was new and exciting.

During several hours of travel, the three girls were chatting happily.

Mo Qingyun was quite pleased with this scene.

With the company of the three girls, an otherwise dull journey became fun.

After arriving in Lianyun City,

Mo Feilin habitually gave Mo Qingyun and others some instructions about the details to pay attention to in Lianyun City.

But when he saw Mo Qingyun, his expression became strange.

He suddenly remembered that with Mo Qingyun’s current status in the Alchemy Guild, he didn’t need to pay attention to these details anymore.

With Du Luo and the others’ view of Mo Qingyun, he was now like a prince in the Alchemy Guild.

With his status, if he didn’t cause trouble for others, people would be grateful. Who would provoke him?

“Fourth Uncle, why did you stop talking in the middle?”

Seeing Mo Feilin stopped speaking halfway, the girls were puzzled and asked.

“Actually, you just need to pay attention a little bit to what I said earlier.”

Mo Feilin chuckled and said: “The main thing is, you can go out with Qingyun. With him around, I think no one in Lianyun City would dare to cause trouble for you.”

Mo Feilin clearly remembered that the Alchemy Guild’s president badge was still on Mo Qingyun.

If he showed it, it would scare a lot of people.

The Alchemy Guild’s president badge represented the president of the entire Alchemy Guild.

Indirectly, if you went against Mo Qingyun, it was like going against the president of the Alchemy Guild and the entire Alchemy Guild.

“With Qingyun around, we’ll be fine?”

The girls did not know Mo Feilin’s thoughts and were surprised and puzzled.

In their view, Mo Qingyun had only been to Lianyun City once more than them; how could he have such power?

“Fourth Uncle, you can’t just use Qingyun to make up for it. Even if you’re busy accompanying us, you can’t just use Qingyun.”

Mo Xin said unhappily.

“I know Fourth Uncle’s thoughts, Mo Xiao said slyly with a twinkle in her eyes: “Fourth Uncle wants Qingyun to accompany us so that he can cover all our expenses in Lianyun City.”

“Oh! Fourth Uncle, I misunderstood you. Sorry.”

Mo Xin smiled awkwardly and made a funny face at Mo Feilin.

Hearing this, Mo Feilin was momentarily stunned and did not know what to say.

Was that his intention?

But Mo Feilin did not explain, as long as the girls followed Mo Qingyun.

Mo Qingyun wore a bitter smile; he was thoroughly underestimated by the girls.

At the same time, Mo Feilin gave Mo Qingyun a look and said: “Qingyun, did you remember what the girls said?”

“…”

Mo Qingyun was speechless and felt betrayed.

After a moment, Mo Qingyun and others chatted for a while before Mo Feilin went to Qingmu Trading Company.

Mo Qingyun naturally accompanied the girls like Mo Xin and wandered around Lianyun City.

Several hours later,

“Sister Xin, it’s getting late. Let’s eat something before we continue wandering.”

Mo Qingyun suggested to the girls.

“Alright!”

The girls nodded reluctantly.

Then, Mo Qingyun and others went to a restaurant, found an empty spot, and ordered some dishes.

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun and others waited for the food to arrive, a familiar figure caught his eye.

Seeing Mo Qingyun, this person immediately wore an angry look and said coldly: “Boy, I didn’t expect to meet you here. Last time you made me explode my True Essence, today I’ll thoroughly deal with you and break your hands and feet, ruining your cultivation.”

This person was none other than the alchemist Jiang Cheng whom Mo Qingyun met in Baicao Pavilion last time.

“Deal with me? With just you?”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun wore a playful smile and said disdainfully.

Jiang Cheng was only at the Eighth Level of Body Refinement Realm, his abilities were far from enough to deal with him.

“You boy, you’re still stubborn. Do you think you have any chance of resistance in front of me with your Fourth Level Body Refinement Realm?”

Jiang Cheng’s face darkened and slowly walked towards Mo Qingyun, looking at the three girls beside him with gleaming eyes: “I didn’t expect you to have such luck, having three beauties by your side. But now it seems you won’t be able to enjoy this luck.”

“Fourth Level Body Refinement Realm?”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun wore a playful smile but did not reveal it.

At that moment, he realized that Jiang Cheng was confident because he thought his cultivation had not changed.

“Qingyun…”

Compared to Mo Qingyun’s calmness, the girls beside him were a bit nervous.

After all, they had just arrived and suddenly met someone causing trouble; it was normal to feel uneasy.

“Don’t be afraid, ladies. I just have a grudge with this boy.”

Seeing the girls’ nervous looks, Jiang Cheng smiled wickedly and said: “After I deal with this boy, I’ll apologize to you all later. I promise, I will make you more excited than this boy.”

“Boy, now let me show you your fate.”

Then, Jiang Cheng punched towards Mo Qingyun.

But when his fist was halfway through, he found that it seemed to be caught by a giant clamp and could not move.

“How… how is this possible! How can your strength be so strong, aren’t you at the Fourth Level of Body Refinement Realm?”

Jiang Cheng looked at Mo Qingyun as if he saw a monster, with an expression of fear.

He did not expect that Mo Qingyun’s strength would be so strong.

He was puzzled, last time he saw Mo Qingyun, he was only at the Fourth Level of Body Refinement Realm. How could he be so strong now?

“Fourth Level Body Refinement!”

Mo Qingyun’s expression turned cold and he said with a playful smile: “That was long ago.”

Snap!

As Mo Qingyun spoke, a crisp sound of bones breaking echoed.

Then, Jiang Cheng’s arm hung limply.

Mo Qingyun had broken one of his arms.

Bang!

Soon after, another dull sound echoed as Mo Qingyun kicked Jiang Cheng’s dantian and his cultivation was ruined.

“You… you ruined my cultivation!”

Feeling his cultivation rapidly fading, Jiang Cheng looked at Mo Qingyun with fear and resentment.

But Mo Qingyun did not pay attention to his actions, just coldly said: “Roll over!”

“You…”

Hearing this, Jiang Cheng was furious and filled with resentment.

But he did not charge again but turned to leave.

He knew that even if he was angry, he could not do anything to Mo Qingyun now.

But as Jiang Cheng prepared to leave, Mo Qingyun coldly called out: “Stop! I said roll over, not walk!”

“You… don’t bully me too much!”

Jiang Cheng was trembling with anger and glared at Mo Qingyun.

“Bully me too much? Did I?”

Mo Qingyun sneered and said coldly: “Do you need me to do it myself?”

Mo Qingyun knew that if he was not Jiang Cheng’s match, he would have suffered the same fate.

“Boy, wait for me. I won’t let this go!”

With a resentful look, Jiang Cheng rolled out of the restaurant, losing face completely.

Chapter 61: Who Dares to Touch My Disciple! (Second Update) ()

In a quiet courtyard of the Alchemy Guild, three old men were leisurely drinking tea and chatting.

If Mo Qingyun was here, he would recognize them as Du Luo and the other two old men.

“This smelly boy has been back for so long but hasn’t come to see his teacher. When he comes back, I’ll have a good talk with him.”

Du Luo was slightly displeased and grumbled.

“Du Luo old ghost, Xu Yu old ghost, do you think Qingyun would be overjoyed if he knew we planned to take him as a disciple at the same time?”

U Qi said with anticipation.

“Of course, who in Lianyun City has higher alchemy skills than us three?”

Xu Yu nodded and agreed.

“President, two elders!”

At this moment, Guan Chuan came to their residence and greeted them.

“Is that Elder Guan? What’s the matter?”

Seeing Guan Chuan, Du Luo chuckled and asked.

“President, someone reported that Young Master Qingyun has returned to Lianyun City and is currently at Fu Yuan Restaurant.”

Guan Chuan reported truthfully.

“Oh! Our good disciple has returned.” The three of them were delighted.

Then, Du Luo said: “This boy came back but didn’t come to see us first.”

Guan Chuan continued: “Also, someone said that Young Master Qingyun seems to have crippled a direct descendant of the Jiang family at Fu Yuan Restaurant. The Jiang family is preparing for revenge.”

At this moment, Guan Chuan sighed inwardly: “This Qingyun lad is really not a simple person. He caused such trouble as soon as he returned.”

“What? The Jiang family’s fools are preparing to take revenge on our good disciple!”

Hearing this, U Qi was immediately angry and his Eighth Level True Essence Realm aura burst out.

“Sss!”

Under U Qi’s aura, Guan Chuan was pushed back and sucked in a breath.

At this moment, he truly understood how much Mo Qingyun meant to the three of them.

“Du Luo old ghost, U Qi old ghost, let’s go there immediately. Don’t be late and let our good disciple get bullied.”

Xu Yu said angrily to the two beside him.

“Right! Let’s go now!”

Then, the three old men went grandly to Fu Yuan Restaurant.

“I seem to have underestimated how much Qingyun means to those three old fellows.”

Seeing their actions, Elder Guan Chuan smiled bitterly and sighed: “The Jiang family is in trouble!”

…

…

In Fu Yuan Restaurant,

“Qingyun, that guy probably won’t give up. Should we leave?”

Mo Ling wore a worried look and asked Mo Qingyun.

“Don’t worry, they won’t dare to do anything to us.”

Seeing the girls’ worried looks, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and comforted them.

After hearing this, the girls did not say anything but their brows furrowed even more.

About a quarter of an hour later, the dishes were all served.

“The food is ready, try it.”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun gestured to the still worried three girls and signaled them to start eating.

At this moment, Jiang Cheng returned and came back into Fu Yuan Restaurant.