Mo Qingyun showed a look of disdain and said indifferently, “If you have the ability, go ahead and take your revenge.”

“Y—”

After hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, these young men became extremely angry and looked at him in a rage but could not speak.

There was no way around it; they were not like Yue Taowen, from a first-rate family in Lianyun City, capable of confronting Mo Qingyun.

To deal with Mo Qingyun, they had to consider whether they could withstand his retaliation afterward.

Recently, they heard that a direct descendant of the Jiang family was beaten into disability by Mo Qingyun for offending him and was eventually expelled from the Jiang family.

Thus, the slap that Mo Qingyun gave them could only be considered a wasted effort.

“People say to hit the dog and look at its owner. Mo Qingyun, aren’t you being a bit too disrespectful to me?”

At this moment, Yue Taowen’s face darkened and he said with displeasure.

“Disrespectful to you? Is your face that big? Am I familiar with you? Why should I give you respect?”

Mo Qingyun glanced at Yue Taowen disdainfully and retorted, “You said they are dogs. What’s the harm in hitting them a few times? Also, I’ll remind you to tie your dogs up next time and don’t let them out随便拉屎、放屁.”

After finishing his words, Mo Qingyun no longer paid attention to Yue Taowen and the others and walked straight into the inner part of the Alchemy Guild.

“Mo Qingyun, don’t be too proud. In the competition for the alchemical furnace, I will definitely surpass you. Then, we’ll see how you continue to be arrogant.”

Looking at Mo Qingyun’s back, Yue Taowen said in anger and embarrassment.

However, Mo Qingyun ignored his words directly.

After Yue Taowen’s interruption, Mo Qingyun came to Du Luo and the others’ residence.

“Good disciple, you’re here. Come over and sit down.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun arrive, Du Luo and the others smiled and greeted him.

After hearing this, Mo Qingyun walked to their side and sat down.

“Teacher, I came here because there’s something I need your help with.”

Mo Qingyun paused and asked them.

“What do you need help with? Just say it directly,”

Du Luo and the others said with a smile after hearing him, indicating that Mo Qingyun should not be too reserved.

Mo Qingyun asked, “Teacher, are there any requirements for buying a residence in Lianyun City?”

“Are you going to buy a residence?”

Du family’s expressions changed, showing surprise.

“Yes,” Mo Qingyun nodded.

“There are no specific requirements for buying a residence. However, the residences in Lianyun City are quite expensive. The cheapest one costs at least several million gold coins.”

Du Luo said solemnly, indicating that several million gold coins was a considerable amount for him.

“Several million gold coins!”

Mo Qingyun’s expression changed slightly, somewhat surprised by the price but within his acceptance.

“Teacher, we have a ground-level martial technique. Can you help me convert it into gold coins?”

Mo Qingyun hesitated for a moment before deciding to take out the handwritten copy of the martial technique.

“Ground-level initial stage martial technique, Thunder Hand!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s handwritten copy of the martial technique, Du Luo and the others were surprised.

They did not expect Mo Qingyun to have such a high-level martial technique on him.

“My disciple encountered an extraordinary opportunity and obtained this martial technique from an ancient tomb.”

To prevent Du Luo and the others from thinking too much, Mo Qingyun made up an excuse to explain.

After hearing this, Du Luo and the others nodded in understanding, believing Mo Qingyun’s words.

“Oh! It seems your luck is quite good,” Du Luo said again, “Are you sure you want to sell this martial technique?”

“Yes,” Mo Qingyun nodded and added, “I need the money as soon as possible to buy a residence.”

“Alright, I’ll handle it for you. Come here tomorrow and I will give you an answer,” Du Luo said seriously.

“Thank you, Teacher!” Mo Qingyun thanked him.

Afterward, Mo Qingyun discussed some knowledge and insights about alchemy with Du Luo and the three old men.

Several hours later, Mo Qingyun left their residence and returned to the inn.

After returning to the inn, he greeted Mu Xin and the others before going back to his room to start practicing.

This time, he did not practice martial techniques or physical cultivation but stabilized his soul cultivation instead.

His soul power had surged today in Fuyuan Restaurant and needed to be stabilized.

The night passed without incident.

On the next day, Mo Qingyun opened his eyes while in meditation.

“My soul cultivation has finally stabilized at the Formless Realm!”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly, his soul cultivation having been stabilized after a night of practice.

“With my soul cultivation stable, I can try to cultivate a soul secret technique.”

Mo Qingyun thought about it and decided to learn the soul secret technique first.

“Ground-level initial stage soul secret technique, Soul Heaven Seal. You’re the one.”

After some thought, Mo Qingyun made up his mind.

Soul Heaven Seal was a versatile soul secret technique that could be used for both offense and defense, making it a good choice.

After all, the soul was very fragile, so having more protective techniques would not be wrong.

Soul secret techniques were also divided into four grades: Heaven, Earth, Mystic, and Yellow. Each grade was further subdivided into lower, middle, upper, and peak levels.

After deciding to cultivate Soul Heaven Seal, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and started practicing it immediately.

Although he had cultivated Soul Heaven Seal in his previous life, the difficulty of cultivating a soul secret technique far exceeded that of ordinary martial techniques.

After several hours of practice, Mo Qingyun finally reached the entry level of Soul Heaven Seal.

Seeing this, he stopped practicing and thought, “Several hours have passed. Teacher should have sold the Thunder Hand martial technique by now.”

With this thought, he no longer hesitated and went to the Alchemy Guild.

Chapter 66: Buying a Residence (Fourth Update)

Half an hour later, Mo Qingyun arrived at the Alchemy Guild and Du Luo’s residence.

“Qingyun, you’re here.”

Du Luo greeted him with a smile and said, “If you hadn’t come soon, I would have gone to find you.”

“Haha!”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and asked,

“Teacher, has the martial technique been sold?”

“Of course. With me personally handling it, what couldn’t I accomplish?”

Du Luo took out a乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag) and tossed it to Mo Qingyun, saying, “There are eight million gold coins inside. It should be enough for you to buy a decent residence in Lianyun City.”

After saying this, Du Luo couldn’t help but show envy and said, “Now your assets are thicker than ours old guys. We’re a bit envious.”

“So standing in front of you now, I’m quite dangerous?” Mo Qingyun said jokingly.

“You brat!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Du Luo and the others smiled helplessly and shook their heads.

After receiving the money, Mo Qingyun briefly chatted with Du Luo’s three men and left the Alchemy Guild.

After leaving the Alchemy Guild, Mo Qingyun first found Mu Xin and the others, then went to Qingmu Trading Company to find Mu Feilin.

After gathering everyone, Mo Qingyun told them about his plan to buy a residence.

“What? You’re going to buy a residence?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mu Feilin was shocked, thinking he had heard wrong.

He knew how expensive a residence in Lianyun City was.

Compared to Mu Feilin’s shock, the girls beside him showed delight and agreed, “Let’s go quickly. Once we buy a residence, we won’t have to stay in an inn anymore.”

“That’s right. The inn is so noisy, with people shouting all night long,” Mu Xin said angrily.

“…”

Hearing Mu Xin’s words, Mo Qingyun broke out in a cold sweat. Mu Xin was too powerful.

Seeing the girls’ actions, Mu Feilin asked with a bitter smile, “Do you know how much money is needed to buy a residence?”

The girls asked curiously, “How much?”

“Even the cheapest one like Qingmu Trading Company’s would cost around two million gold coins,” Mu Feilin said with a bitter smile.

“Oh! So expensive!”

Hearing the price, the girls were shocked and looked somewhat disappointed.

Two million gold coins was like an astronomical number to them. They didn’t believe Mo Qingyun had so much money.

“Don’t worry, I’ve prepared the money.”

Seeing their disappointed expressions, Mo Qingyun smiled and said.

“Money… you’ve prepared the money?”

The girls were surprised again, looking at Mo Qingyun in disbelief.

Several million gold coins! When did Mo Qingyun become so wealthy?

Not only were Mu Xin and the others shocked, but even Mu Feilin was stunned. He exclaimed, “Qingyun, this isn’t a joke. Do you really have several million gold coins?”

Seeing Mu Feilin and the others looking at him doubtfully, Mo Qingyun did not explain further but threw the bag containing gold coins to Mu Feilin.

“Sss!”

After taking a look at Mo Qingyun’s bag, Mu Feilin sucked in a breath, extremely shocked.

Although he didn’t know the exact amount, from the size of the bag, it contained at least five million gold coins.

Mo Qingyun was already wealthy to this extent.

“Uncle Fei, Qingyun really has several million gold coins?”

Although the girls had guessed the result, they still couldn’t help but ask.

“At least five million!” Mu Feilin said deeply exhaling.

“Five million!”

The girls were shocked, feeling their heads empty and standing there dazed.

Five million gold coins; perhaps the entire Mu family couldn’t easily come up with that much money at once.

At this moment, while the girls were dazed, Mu Feilin looked at Mo Qingyun with a bitter smile and said, “Senior Du Luo and the others are really good to you. They’re willing to give you several million gold coins so that you can buy a residence in Lianyun City.”

In his view, Mo Qingyun couldn’t have so much money all at once; it must be from Du Luo and the others.

“Senior Du Luo gave me this?”

Hearing Mu Feilin’s words, Mo Qingyun was surprised but quickly understood his meaning.

It seemed that Mu Feilin thought the money came from Du Luo and the others.

He didn’t explain further, thinking it was better for Mu Feilin to think that way so he wouldn’t have to explain the source of the money.

Seeing there was no problem with the money, Mo Qingyun and the others did not hesitate and went to the Lianyun Chamber of Commerce.

The Lianyun Chamber of Commerce was directly under the City Lord’s Mansion and specialized in selling residences.

About ten minutes later, they arrived there.

“This is it!”

Mu Feilin pointed at the Lianyun Chamber of Commerce and said with a smile, “Let’s go in.”

“Stop!”

Just as Mo Qingyun and the others were about to enter, a cold voice came from the entrance.

Then they saw an adult man blocking their way, like a receptionist.

Seeing this man, Mu Feilin’s face darkened and he said angrily, “Sun Kang, what do you mean?”

“What do I mean?”

Sun Kang glanced at Mu Feilin disdainfully and said, “Mu Feilin, do you know what this place is? This is the Lianyun City residence sales office. Is this a place you can come to? Can you afford a residence?”

Hearing Sun Kang’s words, Mu Feilin became extremely angry.

But before he could speak, Mo Qingyun said coldly, “Does whether we can afford a residence have anything to do with you? What are you? Why are you blocking us from entering?”

“What am I?”

Sun Kang said arrogantly, “I’m a salesperson in the Lianyun Chamber of Commerce responsible for selling residences. Why am I standing here?”

“Since you’re a salesperson, aren’t you afraid that your boss will blame you for blocking customers?” Mo Qingyun said with a playful smile.

“Are you customers? I’m the City Lord of Lianyun City.”

Sun Kang sneered and said, “Kid, you’d better leave quickly. Otherwise, I’ll have someone break your legs and send these three girls to the Spring Red Courtyard.”

“Break our legs? Send Mu Xin and the others to the Spring Red Courtyard?”

Hearing Sun Kang’s words, Mo Qingyun’s face turned cold and he raised his hand to hit him.

Sun Kang, only at the Seventh Level of Body Refinement Realm, was almost unable to react and was hit flying by Mo Qingyun.

Bang! Sun Kang spat blood on the wall.

But Mo Qingyun controlled his strength well and didn’t knock him unconscious.

“What happened?”

Because of the commotion, people from the Lianyun Chamber of Commerce came out quickly.

“It’s him!”

Seeing the person who came out, Mo Qingyun was surprised to find it was Wan Yue Xuan from Si Yun Pavilion.

“Prince, these guys are causing trouble in the Chamber of Commerce. Have someone catch them and break their legs…,”

Seeing Wan Yue Xuan, Sun Kang immediately said to him.

Bang!

Before Sun Kang finished speaking, he was kicked away by Wan Yue Xuan.

“Prince, I…”

After being kicked by Wan Yue Xuan, Sun Kang’s expression turned extremely pitiful.

In his view, the troublemakers were Mo Qingyun and the others. Why did Wan Yue Xuan kick him instead?

At this moment, Wan Yue Xuan ignored Sun Kang and walked quickly to Mo Qingyun, smiling and saying, “Mr. Mo, the people downstairs are short-sighted and have offended you. I hope you won’t take it to heart.”

This guy knows the Prince!

Seeing this scene, Sun Kang’s face turned ashen and he felt like dying.

He never thought that the young man who came with Mu Feilin was actually acquainted with Prince Wan Yue Xuan.

What puzzled Sun Kang even more was that Mu Feilin, who came from a remote town in his eyes, had become so powerful and was now connected with the Prince.

“Prince…”

Hearing Sun Kang’s words, Mu Feilin and the others were also shocked, staring at Mo Qingyun in disbelief.

Mo Qingyun was actually acquainted with the Prince? And the Prince seemed to respect Mo Qingyun very much.

At this moment, while everyone was shocked, Wan Yue Xuan looked at Sun Kang coldly and said, “Do you know who he is? He’s Mo Qingyun, the first alchemy genius in the Alchemy Guild. You said he was causing trouble here?”

“Mr. Mo!”

Hearing Wan Yue Xuan’s words, Sun Kang turned pale and stood there dazed.

He had offended the most prominent person in Lianyun City, Mo Qingyun, the first alchemy genius in the Alchemy Guild.

Seeing Sun Kang’s dazed expression, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and asked, “Now am I a customer? Then are you the City Lord of Lianyun City?”

“City Lord of Lianyun City?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Wan Yue Xuan’s face darkened and he looked at Sun Kang coldly.

He was the son of the City Lord. If Sun Kang were the City Lord, wouldn’t he be his father?

“Drag Sun Kang away and break his legs. Disable his cultivation and throw him out of Lianyun City, never to return.”

Wan Yue Xuan said angrily.

“Prince, I’m sorry. Please give me another chance,” Sun Kang pleaded.

But Wan Yue Xuan ignored his plea.

Chapter 67: Jade Green Mansion

“Mr. Mo, please come in!”

Wan Yue Xuan gestured and invited them.

“Prince Wan, you’re welcome,” Mo Qingyun nodded politely and walked into the Lianyun Chamber of Commerce.

Wan Yue Xuan asked, “Mr. Mo, what kind of residence do you plan to buy?”

Mo Qingyun thought for a moment and said, “I have eight million gold coins. Prince Wan, could you recommend one? Preferably a large one.”

Eight million!

After Mo Qingyun’s words, everyone in the Lianyun Chamber of Commerce felt their legs go weak.

In Lianyun City, ordinary residences cost around two million gold coins. Eight million was enough to buy a luxurious residence.

Seeing this, everyone couldn’t help but sigh in admiration of Mr. Mo’s wealth.

Hearing this, Mu Xin and the others were also surprised. They thought Mo Qingyun only had five million gold coins.

They didn’t expect that the actual amount of gold coins Mo Qingyun had reached eight million.

Perhaps even the entire Mu family didn’t have that much money?

“Mr. Mo, please sit down for a moment while I look for an appropriate residence for you.”

Wan Yue Xuan pointed to the chair beside him and said, then he got up to check the residence information for Mo Qingyun.

After a moment, Wan Yue Xuan came back and said, “Mr. Mo, there’s a Jade Green Mansion near the Alchemy Guild. It covers five hundred acres and is currently the largest residence, fully furnished. The price is one thousand five hundred gold coins.”

“Besides Jade Green Mansion, the largest residence only covers two hundred acres and costs six million gold coins. Which one do you think is more suitable?” Wan Yue Xuan asked.

Hearing this, everyone held their breath and waited for Mo Qingyun’s decision.

This was a deal worth several million gold coins!

Under everyone’s gaze, Mo Qingyun frowned and thought.

If he were satisfied, he would definitely prefer Jade Green Mansion. It was larger with complete furnishings and very convenient to live in.

But the price of Jade Green Mansion was a bit high, far exceeding his budget. This made him somewhat hesitant.

At this moment, Wan Yue Xuan said again, “Mr. Mo, if you buy Jade Green Mansion, I can give you some special treatment and sell it to you at an 80% discount. The remaining four million gold coins can be paid off gradually after you move in.”

Eighty percent!

Hearing Wan Yue Xuan’s words, everyone’s expressions changed again, extremely shocked.

This meant that Wan Yue Xuan would lose three million gold coins to Mo Qingyun at once.

Moreover, he allowed Mo Qingyun to move in first and pay off the remaining amount gradually. Mo Qingyun’s face was too big!

At this moment, everyone realized how important Mo Qingyun was to Wan Yue Xuan.

Sun Kang had offended Mo Qingyun, which was like seeking death!

Mo Qingyun’s biggest problem now was that he didn’t have enough money. With Wan Yue Xuan saying this, he no longer hesitated.

“Prince Wan, aren’t you afraid I won’t be able to pay the remaining amount?” Mo Qingyun said jokingly.

“I, Wan Yue Xuan, have some insight. I believe that several million gold coins are nothing to you,” Wan Yue Xuan said with a smile.

“If Mr. Mo really can’t pay, I’ll cover it for you. In return, you just need to make a few free potions for me in the future,” Wan Yue Xuan said.

Mo Qingyun was slightly surprised by his words. It seemed that his move was very wise indeed.

“Just prepare the materials, and I can alchemize anytime,” Mo Qingyun said with a smile.

“Since Prince Wan is so courteous, I can’t refuse. Let’s go for Jade Green Mansion,” Mo Qingyun said.

“Let’s proceed with the procedures then.”

Wan Yue Xuan took out some documents and handled the residence purchase procedures for Mo Qingyun.

About ten minutes later, after completing the procedures, Mo Qingyun led Mu Xin and the others to Jade Green Mansion.

Jade Green Mansion was not far from the Lianyun Chamber of Commerce. They arrived there in a few minutes.

“Wow! So big!”

Seeing Jade Green Mansion, Mu Xin and the others were surprised and excited.

Compared to Mo Family in Beimozhen Town, Jade Green Mansion was at least twice as large.

“Let’s go in and take a look.”

Mo Qingyun was also very satisfied with Jade Green Mansion. He smiled and pushed the door open.

Entering Jade Green Mansion, they saw pavilions, terraces, bridges over streams, and fragrant flowers everywhere. It was a feast for the eyes.

More importantly, behind Jade Green Mansion was a small mountain covered with lush greenery, like an emerald tower.

“Not bad, not bad. Over a thousand gold coins is worth it.”

Mo Qingyun smiled and nodded in satisfaction.

After touring Jade Green Mansion, Mo Qingyun suddenly felt that something was missing inside.

“Right! It’s lacking in liveliness.”

After this realization, Mo Qingyun took out the thirty million gold coins that Jiang Qiong compensated and handed them to Mu Feilin, saying, “Uncle Fei, here are thirty million gold coins. Go and hire some servants; otherwise, this place will be too quiet.”

“Haha, I was just about to say that,” Mu Feilin said with a smile and nodded in agreement.

Then, Mu Feilin went to hire servants.

Mu Xin and the others were delighted and played around in Jade Green Mansion.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and found a relatively quiet courtyard to enter for meditation.

After entering the state of cultivation, Mo Qingyun practiced martial techniques like Swift Shadow Steps, Nine-layer Collapse, and Fire Dragon Seal.

Then he practiced the soul secret technique Soul Heaven Seal before taking some pills to enhance his cultivation.

Time passed quickly in meditation.

Two days later, the day of the alchemical furnace competition arrived.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun opened his eyes with a faint smile while in meditation.

“Ninth Level Body Refinement Realm, mid-stage peak!”

After two days of cultivation, his cultivation had improved again.

Although he hadn’t directly broken through to the late-stage Body Refinement Realm, it was just a step away from breakthrough.

However, time was limited. Mo Qingyun did not continue cultivating to break through his cultivation realm.

Instead, he got up and walked out of the courtyard. The residence now had more liveliness with servants bustling about.

When these servants saw Mo Qingyun, they all looked at him in awe and admiration, their eyes burning with excitement.

Especially the young maids were almost glowing with excitement, as if they wanted to devour him whole.

“Wow, he’s Mr. Mo! So handsome.”

“He glanced at me just now; I haven’t lived in vain this life.”

“I heard Mr. Mo doesn’t have a wife yet. I don’t expect to be his main wife, but if I could be one of his concubines, I’d be content.”

“I came to Jade Green Mansion as a maid with this hope in mind.”

“Is that so? Tell you, I’m the same!”

…

For a moment, various whispers reached Mo Qingyun’s ears.

Hearing these words, Mo Qingyun broke out in a cold sweat and hurriedly left Jade Green Mansion for the Alchemy Guild.

Chapter 68: What if We Bet Big?

After arriving at the Alchemy Guild, Mo Qingyun went straight to the alchemy chamber where the competition for the alchemical furnace would take place.

Yue Taowen and others had already arrived in the alchemy chamber at this time.

Seeing Mo Qingyun not coming for a long time, Yue Taowen raised his head arrogantly and asked, “Has that brat Mo Qingyun not come yet?”

“Big Brother Taowen, I think he’s probably too scared to come,” one of Yue Taowen’s followers said.

“Right, he must be afraid that he’ll lose to Big Brother Taowen when he comes. He doesn’t know what to do,” another said.

“Even if he doesn’t come, the title of the first alchemy genius in the Alchemy Guild will fall on you, Big Brother Taowen,” another said.

…

Hearing the flattery from his followers, Yue Taowen felt very pleased and his smug smile deepened.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun arrived at the alchemy chamber.

Seeing Mo Qingyun arrive, Yue Taowen and the others’ faces turned red like ducks caught by their necks.

They had just said Mo Qingyun was too scared to come, and he arrived right after that. It was quite embarrassing.

Then Yue Taowen’s face darkened and he said coldly to Mo Qingyun, “Mo Qingyun, today is the day of the alchemical furnace competition. What does it mean that you came so late?”

Yue Taowen put a big hat on Mo Qingyun’s head.

“Came late?”

Mo Qingyun didn’t care at all and glanced disdainfully at Yue Taowen, saying, “Are you stupid? Can’t you see that the competition time hasn’t arrived yet? And the Guild Leader and others haven’t come either.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, everyone around looked at Yue Taowen with strange expressions, as if he were a fool.

“Humph!”

Feeling the gazes of everyone around him, Yue Taowen felt embarrassed and huffed as he walked to the side.

Mo Qingyun didn’t pay much attention to Yue Taowen’s performance and walked over to an empty spot.

Then some more people arrived.

These people all had arrogant expressions, just like Yue Taowen. They were the ones who joined the Alchemy Guild before Mo Qingyun and his group, considered their seniors.

They also had the qualifications to compete for a spot in the alchemical furnace like Mo Qingyun and his group.

However, when they joined the Alchemy Guild, they were already First-Rank Alchemists.

Therefore, their alchemy abilities were a bit stronger than some of Mo Qingyun’s group.

Thus, these people looked at Mo Qingyun and his group with disdain and mockery in their eyes.

“Are you the alchemy apprentices recruited last time?”

After arriving at the alchemy chamber, these people looked at Mo Qingyun and his group disdainfully and said mockingly.

“I heard that among you, there’s a Mo Qingyun who has been quite popular recently and is called Mr. Mo?”

Then one of them asked disdainfully, “Is he here today?”

Following that, another said disdainfully, “What’s this so-called Mr. Mo? Just a lucky brat who joined the Alchemy Guild by chance. If I meet him, I’ll show him what alchemy is really about.”

“Xue Ming, speak softly. He might be here,” another said with a smile.

“Here or not? If he has the guts, let’s have a competition later,” Xue Ming said indifferently.

Hearing Xue Ming’s words, Yue Taowen was delighted and looked at Mo Qingyun with a mischievous smile.

The more people who disliked Mo Qingyun, the better it was for him.

Under Yue Taowen’s gaze, Mo Qingyun slowly walked over to Xue Ming and said, “You just said you would show me what alchemy is really about?”

“Who are you?” Xue Ming asked habitually when he saw a stranger come up to him.

“I’m Mo Qingyun,” Mo Qingyun said calmly.

“Mo Qingyun?”

Xue Ming and the others were surprised, looking at Mo Qingyun in amazement.

They didn’t expect that Mo Qingyun would have the guts to stand right in front of them.

Seeing this, others around looked at it with anticipation, waiting for the show to begin.

“So you’re Mo Qingyun,” Xue Ming said after a brief moment of surprise, looking at Mo Qingyun disdainfully and saying, “What if I told you what alchemy is really about?”

“Are you afraid?” Mo Qingyun looked at Xue Ming challengingly.

“Afraid? I wouldn’t be afraid,” Xue Ming said, slightly annoyed and added, “We can have a competition. If anyone loses, they’ll kneel down and bark ten times like dogs before leaving the Alchemy Guild.”

“Isn’t that punishment a bit small?” Mo Qingyun said with a playful smile, “What if we bet something bigger?”

“Bet something bigger?” Xue Ming’s expression changed slightly, surprised by Mo Qingyun’s words. He paused and asked, “How do you want to bet?”

“What if we bet that whoever loses will sever their own hands?” Mo Qingyun said with a faint smile.

“Sever one’s own hands!” Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, everyone in the alchemy chamber looked at him with shock.

This guy was too ruthless! He was playing for keeps!

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, even Yue Taowen beside him looked somewhat unnatural, looking at Mo Qingyun with a mixture of awe and caution.

He didn’t expect that Mo Qingyun would be so bold, directly betting his hands. This was gambling on his entire future!

Hands were not only important for alchemists but also indispensable for ordinary people.

“Scared?”

Seeing Xue Ming hesitating, Mo Qingyun looked at him disdainfully and said, “If you’re not brave enough to bet, stop talking nonsense and go stand aside.”

“You brat, you’re asking for it!” Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xue Ming’s face darkened and he raised his fist to hit Mo Qingyun.

Xue Ming was at the Pre-True Qi Realm, and his fist was filled with true qi.

Fierce blood!

Seeing Xue Ming’s move, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and activated his martial soul technique.

After activating the martial soul technique, Mo Qingyun’s cultivation surged to the Pre-True Qi Realm.

Nine-layer Collapse!

Then he raised his fist and hit back, each punch stronger than the last, like waves.

Bang bang bang…

Xue Ming felt a mountain-crushing force hitting him and was sent flying.

Puh!

After landing, Xue Ming spat blood and looked pale.

Sss!

Seeing this, everyone around changed their expressions and looked at Mo Qingyun with awe.

Mo Qingyun was so domineering!

With just one punch, he seriously injured Xue Ming without any delay.

Mo Qingyun was not easy to deal with!

At this moment, everyone had a new impression of Mo Qingyun.

“Mo Qingyun, you’ll see,” Xue Ming said after standing up and wiping the blood from his mouth. He looked at Mo Qingyun with a dark expression.

But now that he knew Mo Qingyun’s strength, he didn’t dare to act rashly and hit him again.

“Are everyone here?” A solemn voice came from outside the alchemy chamber. It was Du Luo and the others arriving.