At this moment, Mo Feipeng, Mo Yueyu, and Mo Ling arrived at the judging seats and greeted Mo Hongtian and others.

“Have you all come? Sit down.”

Mo Hongtian pointed to the seats beside him and greeted them, then asked, “Did Feilin go to Lianyun City?”

“Mm-hmm!”

Mo Feipeng nodded and added, “Recently Qingmu Trading House has been doing well, taking on many new clients. Feilin went to take a look and will return before the New Year’s Eve.”

“Good!” Hearing Mo Feipeng's words, Mo Hongtian showed a relieved expression and nodded.

“Huh! In that competition arena, why isn’t anyone attacking Mo Qingyun?”

Seeing the situation in Mo Qingyun’s competition arena, Mo Yueyu showed a puzzled expression.

“Yes, everyone else is getting riled up, but Qingyun seems like an outsider. No one pays him any mind.”

Mo Ling was equally puzzled, not understanding what was happening with Mo Qingyun.

After hearing Mo Yueyu and others’ words, Mo Hongtian smiled helplessly, shook his head, and said, “Those little fellows didn’t attack Qingyun because Mo Chuan challenged him earlier. He was blasted out of the competition arena by Qingyun’s one move, and they were intimidated by that result.”

“What! Mo Chuan was blasted out of the competition arena by Qingyun’s one move!”

“Mo Chuan’s cultivation seems to have reached Eighth Layer Body Refinement.”

“A Mo Chuan at the Eighth Layer of Body Refinement isn’t Qingyun’s match in one move. How is this possible?”

...

Hearing Mo Hongtian's words, the expressions of Mo Yueyu and others beside him changed in surprise.

“Could it be that Qingyun’s cultivation has broken through to the Eighth Layer of Body Refinement?”

Mo Yueyu exclaimed.

After hearing Mo Yueyu’s words, Mo Feipeng and others fell silent, showing a bitter smile.

This young man Qingyun’s cultivation speed is too fast. In the blink of an eye, his cultivation broke through.

At this moment, Mo Yueyu and others were puzzled. Is Qingyun’s primary martial soul really just a First Level one?

At this moment, when Mo Yueyu and others were shocked by the scene before them,

The battle in Qingyun’s competition arena finally came to an end, leaving five people remaining.

Among them were three people at the Eighth Layer of Body Refinement and one person at the Late Seventh Layer.

Looking at these four people, Mo Qingyun smiled and said, “Thank you for your efforts!”

“It’s what we should do!”

The four people responded hurriedly, though their expressions were worse than crying.

Of course they were tired. Four people fighting against twenty or thirty, even if their cultivation was slightly higher, they almost collapsed from exhaustion.

After Mo Qingyun’s battle ended, the other nine competition arenas also came to an end, selecting five people for advancement.

“Rest for half an hour and then start the second round.”

Seeing that all the battles were over, a senior said to everyone.

Then, those who advanced into the second round began resting one by one.

However, Mo Qingyun did not rest because he had not expended any energy from the start to now.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s leisurely appearance, the other four were depressed again, their eyes filled with envy.

Why was there such a big difference between them even though they were both advancing from the same competition arena.

Half an hour later.

“Rest time is over. Now, draw lots to decide your opponents.”

Seeing that rest time was over, a senior walked out and said to the fifty young people who advanced.

Then, Mo Qingyun and others went forward one by one to draw lots.

“Mo Qingyun, don’t get eliminated too quickly.”

During the drawing process, Mo Cang said coldly with a dark expression.

“Don’t worry. If you get eliminated, I won’t be eliminated either.”

Mo Qingyun responded indifferently to Mo Cang’s words.

“Humph! That’s good!” Mo Cang snorted and walked away to the side.

“You have such good luck, meeting the weakest group. You advanced more leisurely and easily than I did.”

Mo Xin patted Mo Qingyun’s shoulder and smiled at him.

“Heh heh, not bad. I didn’t meet anyone at the Ninth Layer of Body Refinement.”

Mo Qingyun smiled.

“Congratulations, Younger Cousin Qingyun on advancing.”

At this moment, Mo Yi walked over and congratulated Mo Qingyun. Then he said to Mo Xin, “Congratulations, Younger Cousin Mo Xin on advancing to the Half Step True Qi Realm.”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and replied, “The same for you, Younger Cousin Mo Yi!”

“Thank you, Younger Cousin Mo Yi.”

Mo Xin smiled and said in surprise, “Younger Cousin Mo Yi, you don’t usually like competition. Why are you participating in the clan competition this year?”

“My old man ordered me, saying that I read too many books and my brain is becoming narrow-minded. He forced me to get closer to everyone.” Mo Yi said helplessly.

“Oh! It’s the Second Elder’s idea.”

Hearing Mo Yi's words, Mo Xin showed an understanding expression and looked at him with some sympathy.

Compared to Mo Xin's thoughts, Mo Qingyun was more curious about Mo Yi.

This cousin is interesting. He doesn’t like martial arts, he likes reading books.

No wonder Mo Yi has a scholarly air about him. He is a man of letters.

“By the way, Younger Cousin Qingyun, what number are you?”

After chatting for a while with Mo Qingyun and others, Mo Yi asked curiously.

“Number ten!”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun looked at the number on his sign.

Then he discovered that a young man was already standing in the tenth competition arena.

“Mo Xun!”

Seeing this young man, Mo Yi and Mo Xin’s expressions changed instantly.

Then Mo Yi said seriously to Mo Qingyun, “Younger Cousin Qingyun, be careful when you fight with Mo Xun. This guy is very ruthless, like a madman.”

“That’s right, although Mo Xun only has the peak Eighth Layer of Body Refinement cultivation, because of his tenacity, many Ninth Layers are wary of him.”

Mo Xin said seriously to Mo Qingyun as well, “Stinky kid, if you can’t match him, don’t force yourself. Losing is fine, but don’t get injured because of it.”

“Understood!”

Mo Qingyun nodded and smiled indifferently.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, Mo Yi shook his head helplessly, thinking that Mo Qingyun didn’t take their words to heart.

But with his personality, he didn’t want to say much more and just looked at Mo Qingyun worriedly.

Mo Qingyun understood the meaning in Mo Yi’s expression but didn’t say much either.

After all, everything would be clear after he fought with Mo Xun.

Then, without hesitation, Mo Qingyun walked towards the tenth competition arena.

Chapter 48: The Power of Earth Rank Martial Technique (Fourth Update)

“It’s Mo Xun!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun's opponent, Mo Feipeng was instantly shocked and frowned with some worry.

“Mo Xun, is he the child who grew up in a wolf pack?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun's opponent, Mo Yueyu was shocked and asked Mo Feipeng with some worry.

“That’s right, that child.”

Mo Feipeng clenched his teeth and tightened his fists, staring intently at the tenth competition arena.

“Uncle, Mother, don’t worry. We should believe in Qingyun.”

Mo Ling comforted Mo Feipeng and Mo Yueyu, saying, “Think about it. We doubted Qingyun’s strength before, but he always surprised us.”

“Although that is true, this time it’s different…”

Hearing Mo Ling's words, the expressions of Mo Feipeng and Mo Yueyu relaxed a bit but still had worry in their eyes.

After all, Mo Xun is not like Mo Hai. His experiences are incomparable to ordinary people.

Living in a wolf pack, he not only had to face other beasts but also humans.

Even within the wolf pack, he had to fight repeatedly to survive.

From this, it can be seen that Mo Xun’s experiences are unimaginable.

“Encountering Mo Xun, even if Qingyun loses this battle, he won’t lose without reason.”

Mo Hongtian sighed inwardly.

He seemed to have already determined that Qingyun couldn’t win this battle.

“Encountering a wolf child!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s opponent, Mo Cang’s expression changed and he gloated, saying coldly, “Mo Qingyun, your luck is really bad. It seems I don’t need to deal with you myself.”

...

In the tenth competition arena.

“You’re not my match, admit defeat.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun enter the competition arena, Mo Xun’s expression turned cold and he said with a hoarse voice.

Mo Qingyun sized up Mo Xun before smiling indifferently, “You’ve decided I’m not your match even before we start? You seem overly confident.”

“Since that’s the case, let’s fight then.”

Mo Xun’s eyes flashed with cold light as he said like a hungry wolf, “Once I attack, I won’t hold back. You can still regret it now.”

“Thank you for your kindness. Use all your strength then.”

Hearing Mo Xun’s words, Mo Qingyun felt a bit of goodwill towards him.

“Blood Wolf Martial Soul, appear!”

Mo Xun shouted and summoned his martial soul directly. It seemed he really wouldn’t hold back.

Then, a thick bloody aura spread from Mo Xun’s martial soul.

Mo Xun's Blood Wolf Martial Soul is a top-notch existence among Eighth Level martial souls.

And under the power of the Blood Wolf Martial Soul, it would also trigger his bloodthirsty side and enhance his combat power.

Because of this, the Blood Wolf Martial Soul’s enhancement in combat power is no less than a Ninth Level martial soul.

“Summon your martial soul.”

Mo Xun said coldly.

“No need!” Mo Qingyun smiled faintly, “Let’s just start fighting.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, Mo Xun’s expression turned even colder with a hint of anger.

In his view, Mo Qingyun not summoning his martial soul was a kind of disdain towards him.

Of course, he thought this way because he didn’t know that in everyone’s perception, Mo Qingyun only had a First Level Lighting Martial Soul.

If it was a First Level Lighting Martial Soul, there wouldn’t be much difference whether he summoned it or not in battle.

Blood Wolf Sun Splitter

Mo Xun howled to the sky and his eyes turned blood red. He leaped towards Mo Qingyun.

Then, he moved both hands and left a bloody afterimage as he tore at Mo Qingyun’s chest.

At this moment, it seemed that the sun would be torn into pieces by his attack.

“Mo Xun is strong. Has he reached the perfect level with Blood Wolf Sun Splitter?”

“A perfect-level martial technique, Brother Hongtian, this kid is quite good.”

Seeing Mo Xun’s move, Song Xu showed an appreciative expression and said faintly.

It was unknown whether he was praising Mo Xun’s martial technique or the fact that Mo Xun would seriously injure Mo Qingyun.

“Huh, this child’s temperament is indeed good. He can be cultivated.”

He Qiansheng followed with a smile.

“Mo Xun’s talent and perseverance are far beyond his peers, but his personality needs to be changed.”

After their words, Mo Hongtian responded seriously, thinking inwardly, “It seems Qingyun can’t win this battle. Mo Xun’s strength is already qualified to compete for the top ten in the clan competition.”

Seeing Mo Xun’s move, Mo Hongtian’s last hope for Qingyun winning the battle was completely shattered.

...

...

“Perfect-level martial technique, indeed has some strength!”

With Mo Qingyun’s eyesight, he could naturally see the proficiency of Mo Xun's martial technique.

After a brief surprise, Mo Qingyun said, “Although your martial technique is proficient, its rank is too low.”

With Mo Qingyun’s eyesight, he could be sure that Mo Xun's Blood Wolf Sun Splitter martial technique wouldn’t exceed the initial stage of Mystic Rank.

Fighting with a Mystic Rank Initial Stage martial technique against his Earth Rank Initial Stage Ninefold Collapse, this was quite disadvantageous.

Before Seventh Layer Body Refinement, the difference in power from martial technique ranks isn’t significant.

But once one reaches Seventh Layer Body Refinement and has inner strength, the stronger the martial technique, the greater its power.

Ninefold Collapse

Seeing that bloody claw approaching rapidly, Mo Qingyun’s expression turned serious as he punched out.

With a punch, the force was unrestrained and the fist wind surged, showcasing Seventh Layer Body Refinement power to its fullest.

Bang!

Following that, the fist and claw collided with violent force. The blood light dissipated, and a muffled sound was emitted.

Next!

Seeing Mo Xun’s attack being blocked, the people around were surprised by this result.

Mo Qingyun's performance once again brought surprise to everyone.

“This kid has given us another pleasant surprise.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun block Mo Xun’s attack, Mo Feipeng laughed loudly and his mood improved instantly.

“Seventh Layer Body Refinement peak cultivation, blocking Eighth Layer Body Refinement peak’s full attack. Qingyun's martial technique is quite impressive.”

Mo Yueyu’s beautiful eyes moved, showing a delighted smile and looking at Mo Qingyun with some anticipation.

“I underestimated this kid. Who would have thought he cultivated such a rank of martial technique.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s performance, Mo Hongtian was shocked and tightened the chair corners in his hands. He said with some excitement, “If he had a higher proficiency in martial techniques, perhaps he could fight Mo Xun.”

“He Qiansheng and Song Xu exchanged glances, reading each other’s thoughts. Their expressions became somewhat complex.

As three major families in Beimozhen, the competition between them was fierce.

They naturally didn’t want other family’s young ones to be too outstanding.

“You managed to block my attack, but it won’t be that easy next time.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun block his full attack, Mo Xun was briefly stunned and said coldly.

“Is that so?”

Mo Qingyun’s corner of his mouth curled up, saying with a playful smile, “But before that, try my attack.”

“Blast for me!”

Mo Qingyun said and his expression turned solemn. He shouted, raising his hand towards Mo Xun.

Then, a violent inner force surged in his palm.

Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom!

Following that, this violent inner force emitted a sound like collapsing mountains and rocks as it carried a violent aura towards Mo Xun.

At this moment, the power of Ninefold Collapse martial technique was finally revealed.

“What is this martial technique? So strong!”

Feeling that violent inner force wave, Mo Xun’s expression changed instantly and he said in shock.

But he didn’t hesitate and raised his hand to defend.

However, he underestimated the power of Earth Rank martial technique. As soon as he touched the inner force wave,

He felt a terrifying force like an overwhelming tide冲击他的身体.

Puh!

Under the impact of this force, Mo Xun was blasted out, spitting blood and looking at Mo Qingyun in disbelief.

He didn’t expect that Mo Qingyun had mastered such a powerful martial technique.

Moreover, Mo Qingyun’s proficiency in this martial technique was also astonishing, reaching the perfect level.

You know, the stronger a martial technique is, the more difficult it is to master it proficiently.

“I lost!”

After a brief silence, Mo Xun reluctantly admitted defeat and asked, “What rank is your martial technique? What level of proficiency do you have in it?”

“Earth Rank Initial, I guess it’s perfect.” Mo Qingyun said indifferently.

“I lost to a perfectly proficient Earth Rank martial technique. I don’t regret it.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mo Xun’s mood improved a bit and he said, “When I master a powerful martial technique, I will challenge you again.”

“Feel free to do so.” Mo Qingyun smiled.

Mo Xun’s thoughts were clear to Mo Qingyun. Perhaps he thought that Mo Qingyun won because of the advantage in martial techniques.

But for Mo Xun’s misunderstanding, Mo Qingyun didn’t explain.

After all, through the subsequent battles, Mo Xun would naturally know the real reason.

Chapter 49: Top Ten

“I seem to have underestimated him again this time.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s proficiency in Ninefold Collapse martial technique reaching the perfect level, Mo Hongtian sighed.

With his eyesight, he had repeatedly underestimated Mo Qingyun.

This result was something he never thought of before.

“Won!”

Mo Feipeng’s expression showed surprise and joy. Mo Qingyun's performance just now surprised him greatly.

“Yes!” Mo Ling smiled gently, “He has given us another pleasant surprise.”

“This kid is just like the third brother. He always likes to hide his strengths.” Mo Yueyu said with a gentle smile.

While Mo Feipeng and others were happy, He Qiansheng and Song Xu beside them had complex expressions without words.

And the woman beside them, Song Xiuyun, was fuming with rage and a resentful expression.

“He… his strength is comparable to Ninth Layer Body Refinement.”

Compared to Song Xiuyun’s resentment, He Lingyu showed a dazed and bewildered expression.

“Waste! Mo Xun this waste can’t even deal with Mo Qingyun.”

In the first competition arena, seeing Mo Qingyun’s victory, Mo Cang said with a dark expression and clenched his teeth.

“However, it’s good this way. I can deal with him personally.”

In the competition arena,

After Mo Qingyun’s battle ended, other arenas also finished their battles one after another.

Then it was the turn of the remaining people to fight.

About a quarter of an hour later, all battles ended. Twenty-five advanced and twenty-five were eliminated.

“Rest for half an hour and start the third round.”

Seeing all battles ended, a senior walked out and said.

After seeing this, Mo Qingyun sat down to rest and recover.

Although his consumption in the battle with Mo Xun wasn’t much, he didn’t mind keeping himself at peak condition.

Half an hour later,

A senior walked down from the judging seat and said to Mo Qingyun and others, “In the third round, it’s the same as the first round. Five groups will compete, five people in each group. The last two remaining in each group will advance to the top ten.”

The senior continued, “Now, those who hear their names go to the first competition arena.”

Then Mo Qingyun and others entered their respective arenas according to the senior’s call.

Mo Cang was still in the first arena, so it seemed that the seniors had a clear intention.

Mo Xin was assigned to the second arena. However, Mo Qingyun was surprised that he and Mo Yi were both in the fifth arena.

In the fifth arena, besides Mo Qingyun and Mo Yi, the other three were all at Eighth Layer Body Refinement.

Seeing this, Mo Yi said with a faint smile, “Younger Cousin Qingyun, how about us two team up and eliminate them?”

“Uh!” Mo Qingyun was a bit surprised at Mo Yi’s action, then smiled and said, “Alright.”

The other three saw that Mo Qingyun was teaming up with Mo Yi to deal with them, and their expressions tightened instantly.

Although they were in numbers, the powerful strength of Mo Qingyun and Mo Yi was evident to everyone.

Thinking this, these three didn’t hold back at all and summoned their martial souls immediately.

“Younger Cousin Mo Yi, I’ll deal with one of them. The other two are yours.”

Mo Qingyun moved towards one person and said slyly to Mo Yi.

“You这家伙！”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s action, Mo Yi smiled helplessly but didn’t oppose his suggestion.

Then Mo Yi moved towards the other two, and Ninth Layer Body Refinement power instantly manifested.

What surprised Mo Qingyun was that the martial technique Mo Yi cultivated was very rare, a calligraphy-based martial technique called True Words of Calligraphy.

For a moment, horizontal strokes, vertical strokes, left-falling strokes, and right-falling strokes... various brushstrokes turned into moves appearing in everyone's sight.

As soon as these brushstroke moves appeared, they were like rays of sword light, rushing towards the two Eighth Layer Body Refinement people.

Facing such powerful and tricky attacks, these two instantly changed color, their combat power waning.

Soon, the two Eighth Layer Body Refinement people were suppressed by Mo Yi's moves and unwillingly admitted defeat.

Seeing them admit defeat, Mo Yi looked at Mo Qingyun with a faint smile and said, “Younger Cousin Qingyun, I’ve taken care of them. You need to hurry up.”

“Younger Cousin Mo Yi is really strong, solving it so quickly.”

Seeing that Mo Yi’s battle was over, Mo Qingyun raised a thumb at him and said with a faint smile, “Looks like I need to speed up as well.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s current performance, the person fighting with him was displeased and said angrily, “Mo Qingyun, don’t look down on me. You dared to be distracted while fighting with me.”

“What’s the matter?” Mo Qingyun said with a playful smile.

“I admit that Younger Cousin Mo Yi is strong, but you think you can defeat me? I won’t accept that.”

This person said discontentedly.

“Is that so?”

Mo Qingyun narrowed his eyes and looked at him with a faint smile, saying, “It seems your thoughts will be proven wrong. You’ll definitely lose this battle.”

Shadow Step

As he spoke, Mo Qingyun moved and left a shadow behind him as he rushed towards this person.

“Good… so fast!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s speed, this person changed color instantly and showed a look of fear.

Mo Qingyun's current speed was too fast, so fast that he couldn’t distinguish Mo Qingyun’s position.

Ninefold Collapse

Then before he could react, a palm full of force approached his chest.

Bang!

A muffled sound was emitted. Following that, this person was blasted out by Mo Qingyun’s palm and fell outside the competition arena.

After defeating his opponent in one move, Mo Qingyun looked at him with a faint smile and asked, “How is it?”

Seeing himself defeated by Mo Qingyun in an instant, this person’s expression turned dazed and he said dejectedly, “I lost.”

His opponent's admission of defeat marked the end of this competition arena’s battle.

Mo Qingyun and Mo Yi advanced to the top ten smoothly.

“You could have quickly solved him, why did you drag it out for so long?”

Mo Yi walked towards Mo Qingyun and said with a bad mood, “I can see that if you used your full strength, he would have lost in three moves.”

But the result was that Mo Qingyun fought with him for dozens of moves before defeating him under his urging.

Thinking this, Mo Yi felt depressed and said with a bitter smile, “You did this just to avoid helping me deal with those two, so you dragged it out?”

“How could that be? I was considering giving him some face and sparring with him for a few more moves.”

Mo Qingyun hurriedly explained, then winked at Mo Yi and said, “Besides, Younger Cousin Mo Yi is strong. You can handle one more person, right?”

When he said this, Mo Qingyun felt a bit guilty and thought inwardly, “Will I get struck by lightning for lying like this?”

“I think your last sentence is the truth.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s twisted logic, Mo Yi felt helpless.

After a moment, the battles in other four groups also ended.

“Rest for half an hour and start the top five competition.”

Seeing that all battles were over, a senior walked out and said to Mo Qingyun and others.

Then Mo Qingyun and others began resting and recovering.

Those who entered the top ten were not ordinary people. In battle, no one dared to be careless.

Therefore, it was necessary to maintain peak condition in the next battle.

Half an hour later, rest time ended.

A senior walked out and said to Mo Qingyun and others, “Now the two remaining in each arena will compete. The winners enter the top five, and the losers will compete for sixth to tenth place.”

“The two remaining in each arena will compete!”

Mo Qingyun and others were surprised by the senior’s arrangement, quite unexpected.

Then Mo Qingyun looked at Mo Yi with a look of battle intent.

So his next opponent is Mo Yi.

“Younger Cousin Qingyun, be gentle with me in the fight!” Mo Yi said with a faint smile.

“Younger Cousin Mo Yi, you’re joking. I’ll look forward to your guidance in the fight.” Mo Qingyun replied with a faint smile.

After hearing each other’s words, they both felt speechless and fell silent, their expressions strange.

“Then let’s fight with all our strength!”

After a brief silence, Mo Qingyun and Mo Yi looked at each other again and said in unison.

Chapter 50: Battle with Mo Yi (Second Update)

Seal Door, Unseal!

As soon as Mo Qingyun spoke, his aura instantly became powerful.

In an instant, the aura he emitted was comparable to Eighth Layer Body Refinement Mid Peak cultivation.

After seeing Mo Yi’s strength just now, Mo Qingyun knew that he couldn’t defeat Mo Yi with Seventh Layer Body Refinement Peak cultivation alone.

So at this moment, he planned to show some trump cards.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s cultivation instantly rise to Eighth Layer Body Refinement Mid Peak, everyone around him was stunned.

Eighth Layer Body Refinement Mid Peak!

Is this Mo Qingyun’s true cultivation?

It turns out that he hadn’t been fully exerting himself from the start, always holding back.

After this discovery, everyone’s gaze towards Mo Qingyun changed unconsciously.

There was more excitement and anticipation. They were eager to see what Mo Qingyun would do next.

“This guy was holding back when he fought with me!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s Eighth Layer Body Refinement cultivation, Mo Xun showed a bitter smile and was greatly impacted.

He had been underestimated by Mo Qingyun.

Not only did he not summon his martial soul when fighting with Mo Qingyun, but he also suppressed his cultivation. This was quite demoralizing.

“Eighth Layer Body Refinement Mid Peak!”

Mo Feipeng’s expression changed, showing a delighted smile. “This stinky kid has been hiding this move all along. No wonder he wasn’t nervous when fighting with Mo Xun, it turns out he had this trump card.”

Like Mo Feipeng, Mo Yueyu, Mo Ling, and others were also excited.

“This kid really can hold back. He only shows this trump card now.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun in the competition arena, Mo Hongtian smiled with approval. “It seems that Mo Yi put a lot of pressure on him, so he revealed this trump card before the battle even started.”

At this moment, He Qiansheng and others beside him had complex expressions, seemingly shocked by Mo Qingyun’s performance.

In the fifth competition arena,

“Eighth Layer Body Refinement Peak!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s Eighth Layer Body Refinement cultivation, Mo Yi and others were also surprised.

He didn’t expect that Mo Qingyun had hidden his cultivation before.

After this discovery, Mo Yi felt a bit depressed and said with a bitter smile, “Younger Cousin Qingyun, you’re not very honest. Is this what you mean by the strong should do more work?”

“Heh heh, I’m just giving Younger Cousin Mo Yi a chance to show off. One against two, few against many, how cool is that?”

Mo Qingyun winked and smiled at Mo Yi.

But now Mo Yi didn’t buy it, saying with a bad mood, “If I lose to you now, wouldn’t that be even cooler?”

“Uh, it seems so.”

Hearing Mo Yi’s words, Mo Qingyun was a bit stunned and nodded in response.

Mo Yi’s words did make some sense.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, even Mo Yi’s good temper was a bit tempted to hit him.

This kid is too arrogant and looks down on others.

The current expression of Mo Qingyun’s was implying that he wasn’t Mo Yi’s match.

“Ai! I’ve been outsmarted by you.”

Mo Yi shook his head and said, then his expression turned serious. “But I won’t let you easily show off on me.”

Seal Soul Brush, appear!

After Mo Yi’s words, he summoned his martial soul directly. It seemed that he didn’t dare to be careless against Mo Qingyun.

What surprised Mo Qingyun was that Mo Yi’s martial soul was a brush.

A Ninth Level martial soul, Seal Soul Brush, a very rare martial soul. But this martial soul suited Mo Yi’s personality.

After summoning his martial soul, Mo Yi looked at Mo Qingyun seriously and said, “Younger Cousin Qingyun, I’ll use my favorite martial technique Eight Beasts Transformation next. If you can withstand my eight moves, I’ll admit defeat.”

“Alright, come on then.”

Hearing Mo Yi’s words, Mo Qingyun’s battle intent surged and he felt some anticipation towards Mo Yi’s martial technique.