At Mo Kuide’s words, Song Xu revealed a cold smile and said, “In my opinion, you should cede the family position to Brother Kuide. Out of respect for Brother Kuide’s face, as long as you hand over Mo Qingyun to me, I won’t mind your current actions.”

“Humph! Old Ghost Song Xu, unless you step over my corpse, I will hand Qingyun to you.”

Mo Hongtian’s face turned solemn as he said angrily.

“Haha, Mo Hongtian, do you think I can’t do it?”

Song Xu revealed a smug cold smile and said, “I originally planned to deal with you all after some time. Now it seems that the plan needs to be advanced.”

After Song Xu said this, he looked at He Qiansheng and Mo Kuide with a smile. “Brother Qiansheng, Brother Kuide, don’t continue watching the show. Let’s all join in and act together to avoid any further delays.”

“Alright!”

When Song Xu said this, He Qiansheng and Mo Kuide both responded.

Then, the people from the He family and Mo Kuide joined in to form a circle.

However, their targets were still Mo Hongtian and the others.

“Mo Kuide, He Qiansheng, you…”

Seeing He Qiansheng and Mo Kuide’s actions, Mo Hongtian’s face turned dark with uncontrollable anger.

As fellow members of the Mo family, not helping was understandable, but they were actually adding fuel to the fire by joining forces with Song and He families against them.

Mo Kuide’s actions were even more despicable than those of the Song and He families.

With Mo Kuide and the others joining in, Mo Hongtian’s situation became even more dire.

Seeing this, everyone around them couldn’t help but sigh in disappointment.

The situation had developed beyond their expectations.

Now, it seemed that Mo Hongtian and the others were in grave danger. They would likely meet their end here today.

“Ah, from what I see now, Mo Hongtian and the others seem to be in a difficult situation.”

“Who would have thought that Mo Kuide and the others would add fuel to the fire, wanting to bring Mo Hongtian and the others to their doom.”

“How unfortunate. Just as we saw a genius rise, he is about to fall.”

“With that young fellow’s talent, if he doesn’t die, his future achievements will certainly be great.”

“Throughout history, how many geniuses have fallen like this? A genius still needs to grow.”

“But even so, his name will forever be remembered in Beimo Town and throughout Lianyun City.”

...

For a moment, everyone around them sighed.

“House of He, Mo Kuide, you did well!”

Seeing the He family and Mo Kuide’s actions, Mo Qingyun said with a cold face, “Today’s grudge, we will remember. One day I will definitely wash your families in blood.”

“Haha, little brat, do you think you have a chance to leave today?”

When Mo Qingyun spoke, Song Xu and the others responded with cold smiles.

In their view, under this situation, Mo Hongtian and the others would definitely meet their end here.

“I will leave, you can’t stop me!”

Mo Qingyun responded arrogantly and shouted to the crowd around him, “Chelian, act.”

“Yes, Master!”

When Mo Qingyun spoke, Chelian immediately moved and came to Mo Qingyun’s side. A dazzling blood light shone from his body.

“Wanting to keep my master here, you need to ask me first.”

When Chelian appeared, a terrifying aura emanated from his body.

So strong!

This person is at the half-step Nascent Soul realm!

Feeling Chelian’s aura, everyone’s expressions changed and they were shocked.

But what was even more shocking to them was that this half-step Nascent Soul realm expert called Mo Qingyun master.

A half-step Nascent Soul realm expert was almost a myth in Beimo Town, and he was Mo Qingyun’s servant.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun seemed mysterious in everyone's eyes.

“Mo Kuide, Song Xu, He Qiansheng, did you not foresee this?”

Seeing Chelian appear, Mo Hongtian laughed loudly and said to Mo Qingyun with a smile, “Good lad, you still have this hidden ace up your sleeve.”

After Mo Hongtian laughed, he asked Chelian respectfully, “Please take Qingyun away. The favor of today will never be forgotten by the Mo family.”

In Mo Hongtian’s view, as long as Mo Qingyun didn’t die, the Mo family would have a chance to rise again.

If he could save Mo Qingyun’s life at the cost of his own, he would die without regrets.

“Master of Mo family, don’t worry. Since I have acted, I will take all of you away.”

Chelian responded with a wave of his hand and a chuckle.

Although people like Mo Hongtian were like ants in his eyes before, he was still Mo Qingyun’s grandfather, so he gave him some face.

“Just how many secrets does this kid have? He even brought a half-step Nascent Soul realm expert.”

At this moment, Mo Feipeng and Mo Yueyu and the others relaxed their expressions with a look of joy.

A half-step Nascent Soul realm expert joining in would greatly change the situation and reduce their losses to a minimum.

“Brought?”

When Mo Feipeng spoke, Mo Qingyun revealed a bitter smile.

Seeing Chelian appear, the Song and He families as well as Mo Kuide and others also became cautious.

They all stopped their actions, looking at Chelian with some fear and confronting Mo Hongtian and the others.

A half-step Nascent Soul realm expert, none of them could face him head-on.

They didn’t want to provoke this person. If he went berserk, it would be a massacre for the three sides.

“Senior, I don’t know what benefits Mo Qingyun gave you. If you don’t interfere in this matter, we are willing to offer three times the benefits.”

Song Xu said respectfully.

When Song Xu spoke like this, Mo Hongtian and the others became tense, worried that Chelian would be bought over.

There was no choice. The price Song Xu and the others offered was very tempting.

“I can’t be bought with your benefits.”

Chelian, known as the Blood Demon King, was naturally a bloodthirsty person. After speaking, he attacked Song Xu and the others.

“Sir, don’t be too harsh.”

Seeing Chelian attacking them, Song Xu’s face turned dark and he said coldly, “Although we have to admit that your strength is formidable, you can’t turn the tide with just one person.”

Chelian ignored Song Xu’s words and raised his hand to attack a Fourth Level True Qi Realm expert from the Song family.

Puh!

Under Chelian’s powerful attack, in just a moment, this Fourth Level True Qi Realm expert from the Song family was disabled by his palm.

Sigh!

Seeing this, everyone’s expressions changed and they looked at Mo Qingyun with awe.

This guy is so domineering, daring to disable a guard of the City Lord’s Mansion with just one word.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, those around without any background changed their expressions and looked at him with strong awe.

In their view, the one who dared to do this was either a fool or someone with great backing.

But no matter which, they were not easy to provoke.

“Qingyun, will there be any trouble?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s domineering actions, the others from the Mo family looked worried.

As they say, a seven-rank official in front of a grand minister. These guards were from the City Lord’s Mansion.

If Mo Qingyun disabled their legs without any reason, it would be hard to explain if the City Lord’s Mansion blamed them.

“Grandfather, don’t worry. Just a small guard.”

Mo Qingyun responded indifferently and led everyone into the city, saying to them, “Let’s go in.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, Li Yi at the side curled his lips and said coldly, “Arrogant brat, daring to hurt a guard of the City Lord’s Mansion. You really don’t know your limits.”

“Get lost!”

When Li Yi spoke, Mo Qingyun’s face turned dark and he said coldly.

After speaking, Mo Qingyun led everyone into the city without further ado, not bothering with Li Yi.

Mo Qingyun thought that although he brought everyone to Lianyun City, whether the matter of killing Xue Ming was exposed or not was still unknown.

If it was exposed and they stayed too long, the Xue family might come and cause trouble.

Therefore, he wanted to enter the city as soon as possible and return to Jade Crystal Mansion. Once there, even if trouble arose, the Alchemy Guild could help in time.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s attitude, Li Yi said with a dark face, “Boy, don’t be too proud. You hurt the guard; I’ll see how you explain it later.”

But considering Mo Qingyun’s actions just now, Li Yi didn’t dare to fight with him.

If Mo Qingyun made Chelian attack him, he and his guards couldn’t withstand it.

“What’s the commotion? What happened?”

At this moment, a group of guards from the city walked over. The leader asked with a dark face.

Seeing these guards, Li Yi immediately went up and said coldly, “Captain Han, it’s like this. This boy brought a group of beggars to enter the city. Just now, when that guard brother said something to him, he attacked people. Such a person can’t be tolerated.”

After speaking, Li Yi looked at Mo Qingyun with a smug look, waiting for him to be punished.

“What audacity! Daring to attack the guards of the City Lord’s Mansion. You must be tired of living…”

When Li Yi spoke, Captain Han immediately shouted angrily and wanted to attack Mo Qingyun and the others.

But when he saw Mo Qingyun’s face clearly, his expression changed and cold sweat dripped from his forehead. He couldn’t finish the sentence.

It’s this person, he overdid it with arrogance.

This was Lianyun City’s youngest alchemy genius, the most valued existence by two elders and the president of the Alchemy Guild.

Not only that, he was also a key protection target named by City Lord Wan Lianyun.

At this moment, if he wanted to attack Mo Qingyun, wasn’t it like looking for death?

Seeing Captain Han’s expression, Mo Qingyun knew that he recognized him.

Then, with a faint smile, he asked, “Do you want to attack us?”

“This… this…”

Captain Han said with a frightened voice, “Young Master Dan, you are magnanimous. I was blind and didn’t recognize your venerable self just now. Please don’t take it to heart.”

Young Master Dan!

He is the Young Master of the Alchemy Guild, Mo Qingyun!

Hearing Captain Han’s words about Mo Qingyun, everyone around them changed their expressions again and looked at Mo Qingyun with even more awe.

Not only them, Li Yi’s face also turned pale and his lips trembled.

There was no choice. He couldn’t help but be afraid.

Their Li family and Jiang family were about the same in strength. Because of disrespect to Mo Qingyun, Jiang Cheng was disabled and expelled from his family by the Jiang family.

If Mo Qingyun wanted to deal with him, he wouldn’t fare much better than Jiang Cheng.

“Young Master Dan, I’m sorry. Just now, I was blind and didn’t recognize your venerable self. Please give me a chance to make amends.”

Li Yi said with a frightened look, pleading with Mo Qingyun.

“Didn’t you say I was a beggar and that I didn’t know my limits?”

Looking at Li Yi, Mo Qingyun said with a cold smile.

“I am the beggar. I don’t know my limits, I’m impudent and deserve a beating!”

Saying this, Li Yi immediately knelt down and slapped himself.

Seeing this, the Mo family’s people were stunned. It felt so unreal.

They originally thought that since Mo Qingyun could buy a mansion in Lianyun City, he should be doing well.

But they never expected that Mo Qingyun was doing so well.

This young man in the splendid clothes obviously had some influence in Lianyun City.

But even so, after knowing Mo Qingyun’s identity, he still knelt down and slapped himself.

From this, it could be seen how powerful Mo Qingyun was in Lianyun City.

“This kid’s reputation in Lianyun City seems to be greater than ours in Beimo Town.”

Mo Hongtian and the others couldn’t help but sigh with a bitter smile.

Their Mo family had been operating in Beimo Town for hundreds of years, but they couldn’t match Mo Qingyun’s few months in Lianyun City. The difference was huge.

“Oh, is that so?”

Seeing Li Yi’s actions, Mo Qingyun said with a playful smile, “Then tell me now, can beggars enter the city?”

“Beggars can’t enter the city. I’ll leave now.”

When Mo Qingyun spoke, Li Yi immediately got up and ran away from Lianyun City.

Seeing Li Yi’s actions, Mo Qingyun didn’t care much and said to the dazed Mo Hongtian and others with a faint smile, “Grandfather, Second Elder, let’s enter the city.”

“Alright!”

When Mo Qingyun spoke, Mo Hongtian nodded and followed him into the city.

Knowing Mo Qingyun’s identity now, others made way for him when they saw him enter the city.

“Young Master Dan, please walk slowly!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun entering the city, Captain Han immediately greeted him with a smile.

His manner was even more respectful than when he treated his own grandfather.

...

After a moment, Mo Qingyun and the others arrived at Jade Crystal Mansion.

Seeing the magnificent Jade Crystal Mansion in front of them, everyone from the Mo family was stunned. It felt so unreal.

Although they had heard that Mo Qingyun bought a mansion in Lianyun City for two million gold coins, when they saw it with their own eyes, they couldn’t help but be shocked.

This mansion was too big, too luxurious, and too magnificent.

“Qingyun, is this… this mansion yours?”

Mo Feipeng and the others swallowed hard and asked with excited voices.

“Yes, let’s go in!”

For their reactions, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and led everyone into Jade Crystal Mansion.

After entering the mansion, Mo Qingyun gathered the servants and introduced them to the Mo family’s people.

After doing this, he talked with Mo Hongtian and the others for a while and handed over the management of Jade Crystal Mansion to them.

Mo Qingyun believed that with Mo Hongtian and the others managing it, Jade Crystal Mansion would be well-organized.

Moreover, with the Mo family’s people arriving, the previously quiet Jade Crystal Mansion became lively.

Mo Qingyun was very happy to see this scene.

After arranging everything, Mo Qingyun returned to his residence and began cultivating in seclusion.

He felt that his cultivation was still too weak.

With his current strength, not only could he barely deal with the retaliation from the Xue family,

even dealing with the Song and He families in Beimo Town, as well as Mo Kuide and others, was somewhat difficult.

Inside the room, Mo Qingyun took out various medicinal herbs and spirit medicines to refine pills for cultivation.

Now that he had obtained many spirit medicines from Chelian, there was no problem with cultivation resources for a short time.

Golden Bell Grass, Frost Flame Moon Fruit, Scorpion King Grass, Thousand Copper Sound Grass...

For a moment, various spirit medicines and herbs were neatly arranged in front of Mo Qingyun.

After taking out the required spirit medicines, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and began refining pills.

Taking out Crimson Flame Cauldron, he infused it with a soul flame and threw the spirit medicines one by one into it.

Then, Mo Qingyun began to change his gestures and perform various alchemy techniques.

With his soul strength greatly increased, he had a stronger control over the flames and could purify them more easily.

After about half an hour, all the herbs were purified and entered the fusion and pill formation process.

After ten minutes, a fragrant aroma came from the cauldron. The pills were formed.

“Eleven Treasure Qi Pills, Fifth Level High Rank.”

Seeing the pills in the cauldron, Mo Qingyun revealed a satisfied smile and took them out.

With these eleven Treasure Qi Pills, his cultivation would definitely increase significantly in a short time.

Then, Mo Qingyun put away Crimson Flame Cauldron and began cultivating with the Treasure Qi Pills.

As soon as the Treasure Qi Pill entered his mouth, it turned into a pure medicinal power and flowed into Mo Qingyun’s meridians.

Feeling the medicinal power flowing in his meridians, Mo Qingyun immediately refined it and converted it into True Qi circulating within him.

After a day, the medicinal power from one Treasure Qi Pill was completely refined by Mo Qingyun.

His cultivation rose from Second Level True Qi Realm Initial to Second Level True Qi Realm Mid Peak.

Seeing this achievement, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and took another Treasure Qi Pill to refine and cultivate.

After three days, four Treasure Qi Pills were refined.

Mo Qingyun’s cultivation successfully broke through to Third Level True Qi Realm.

After ten days, all eleven Treasure Qi Pills were refined by Mo Qingyun.

At this moment, his cultivation rose again to Fourth Level True Qi Realm.

“Fourth Level True Qi Realm!”

Mo Qingyun’s lips curled into a brilliant smile. He was quite satisfied with this cultivation breakthrough.

“After improving my cultivation, it’s time to improve my martial techniques.”

Thinking of this, Mo Qingyun immediately began cultivating his martial techniques.

After three days, he cultivated Ninefold Collapse, Fire Dragon Seal, and Soul Heaven Seal one by one.

After three days of cultivation, these martial techniques all improved to some extent.

His understanding of Ninefold Collapse reached the True Essence level.

His understanding of Fire Dragon Seal reached the Great Perfection level.

Even his understanding of Soul Heaven Seal reached the Minor Perfection level, with eighteen soul battle seals condensed.

As for Swift Shadow Step, Mo Qingyun didn’t continue cultivating it.

After all, if he wanted to improve his understanding of Swift Shadow Step now, he needed to understand the essence of wind.

This was not something Mo Qingyun could easily achieve now.

After comprehensively improving his strength, Mo Qingyun felt that if he met Jiang Guardian again now, even without using his soul technique, he could fight him.

However, after cultivating these martial techniques for a while, Mo Qingyun also felt some shortcomings in himself.

“Although my few martial techniques have reached the Perfect and Great Perfection levels, they are still a bit weak in attack.”

Mo Qingyun frowned slightly as he thought.

He considered whether he should cultivate another martial technique with a fierce attack.

After some consideration, Mo Qingyun made up his mind and said excitedly, “The martial technique Burn Mountain Saber that Jiang Guardian used before had a formidable power. I can cultivate it.”

Thinking this, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and opened Jiang Guardian’s乾坤bag to take out the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber.

“Soul fluctuations?”

When Mo Qingyun took out the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber, he sensed that Jiang Guardian’s乾坤bag emitted a soul fluctuation.

After this discovery, Mo Qingyun sensed inside the乾坤bag to find what was emitting the soul fluctuation.

After sensing for a while, Mo Qingyun found the source of the soul fluctuation. It was a tattered animal skin scroll.

This scroll was a map, recording the location of the ruins of the Burn Heaven Sect.

Jiang Guardian’s martial technique Burn Mountain Saber was obtained from this ruin.

Moreover, Mo Qingyun felt pleasantly surprised that the ruins of the Burn Heaven Sect were not far from Lianyun City.

“Burn Mountain Sect’s Ruins!”

Mo Qingyun’s eyes lit up with a look of pleasant surprise. He thought, “Now that my cultivation has broken through, I need to hone myself a bit. The ruins of the Burn Heaven Sect would be a good place.”

Thinking this, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and made up his mind to cultivate the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber before heading towards the ruins of the Burn Heaven Sect.

Then, Mo Qingyun began cultivating the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber.

After a while of observation, Mo Qingyun unexpectedly found that the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber in his hands was a fragment.

What he had now was only the upper part, while the lower part was still in the ruins of the Burn Heaven Sect.

The complete version of the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber was a First Rank Heavenly Level martial technique.

“So, I have to go to the Burn Heaven Sect’s ruins.”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and walked out of his room, into the courtyard to cultivate the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber.

After a day,

Slash!

In the courtyard, Mo Qingyun clasped his hands into a palm blade and raised it to slash forward.

Instantly, an intimidating True Qi condensed into a three-meter-long flame blade and slashed down in the air.

Boom!

Under this blade shadow, a half-man-high stone bench in the courtyard was directly cut into two.

After a day of cultivation, he finally reached the entry level with the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber and could barely perform it.

“What a strong attack! Just reaching the entry level, it’s comparable to the True Essence level of Ninefold Collapse.”

Seeing the power of the martial technique Burn Mountain Saber, Mo Qingyun revealed a look of joy and satisfaction.

“Qingyun, something’s wrong.”

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun was about to continue cultivating, Mo Xin came into his courtyard with a worried look.

Seeing Mo Xin’s expression, Mo Qingyun frowned and asked, “Sister Mo Xin, what happened?”

“Uncle Four… something’s wrong!”

Mo Xin’s eyes were red and her voice choked.

“Let’s go!”

When Mo Xin spoke, Mo Qingyun immediately changed his expression and hurriedly went out of the courtyard.