Hidden near the Cloud Sea Cave Heaven, waiting for those who had entered to come out and attack them.

“Thank you, City Lord Wan and the rest for guarding on my behalf.”

When Wan Lianyun and others approached, Mo Qingyun thanked them with a bow.

Seeing Wan Lianyun and the rest, Mo Qingyun noticed Pang Wei and Wu Chong among them.

Since Pang Wei and Wu Chong had already come out, Wan Lianyun and the rest were still guarding here, indicating that they were guarding Mo Qingyun.

“Haha, Mo Young Master is being too polite.”

Upon hearing Mo Qingyun’s words of gratitude, Wan Lianyun and the rest waved their hands hurriedly, smiling in response.

Now Mo Qingyun’s status in Wan Lianyun and the rest's hearts was quite different from before. They were very willing to befriend such a talented cultivator.

Guarding for Mo Qingyun and leaving him with a good impression was also a pleasant thing to do.

“Mo Young Master, your cultivation has reached the True Essence Realm?”

Feeling Mo Qingyun’s aura, Wan Lianyun and the rest all changed their expressions, shocked in their hearts.

They were very clear about Mo Qingyun’s cultivation when he entered the Cloud Sea Cave Heaven; it was only at the Eighth Level of True Qi Realm.

But now, Mo Qingyun’s cultivation had successfully broken through to the First Level of True Essence Realm and his realm was very stable.

Such a cultivation speed could be considered extremely astonishing.

After the brief shock, Wan Lianyun smiled faintly and said, "Mo Young Master, it seems that your gains from this trip to the Cloud Sea Cave Heaven are quite rich."

“Haha, not bad!”

Mo Qingyun chuckled and responded to Wan Lianyun.

Then, Mo Qingyun and the rest chatted while heading back towards Yunlian City.

On their way back, Mo Qingyun discovered that Pang Wei and Wu Chong’s cultivation had both advanced to the True Qi Realm.

It seemed that their gains from the Cloud Sea Cave Heaven were also quite good.

On the way back to Yunlian City, Wan Lianyun said, "Mo Young Master, after you entered the Cloud Sea Cave Heaven, Mr. Chi had some matters and left first."

"Hmm, it should be something related to the clan."

Hearing Wan Lianyun’s words, Mo Qingyun nodded and replied simply.

He had known about Chi Lian's departure long ago. When Mo Qingyun entered the Cloud Sea Cave Heaven, Chi Lian had conveyed through soul perception that he was returning to Jadeite Manor.

Chi Lian returned to Jadeite Manor to deal with the matter of hollowing out the Dragon Gate Gang and Mount Tai Sect, turning some members into blood slaves.

About half an hour later, Mo Qingyun and the rest returned to Yunlian City.

After returning to Yunlian City, Mo Qingyun did not rush back to Jadeite Manor but went with Wan Lianyun to the City Lord’s Mansion.

Upon arriving at the City Lord’s Mansion, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and said to Wan Lianyun, "City Lord Wan, it’s time for the last detoxification."

“Ah, is that so?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, Wan Lianyun’s face lit up with joy and he looked at Mo Qingyun excitedly.

According to Mo Qingyun’s words, after this detoxification, all the toxins in his body would be completely cleared.

“Hmm!”

Mo Qingyun nodded and said, "Let’s begin."

Then Mo Qingyun started detoxifying Wan Lianyun.

After about ten minutes, Mo Qingyun stopped his actions and ended the detoxification for Wan Lianyun.

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun stopped his actions, Wan Lianyun’s aura immediately became stronger.

Half-step Pill Mansion!

Feeling the aura emanating from Wan Lianyun, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed slightly, somewhat surprised by Wan Lianyun's cultivation.

“Thank you, Mo Young Master!”

Discovering that the toxins in his body had been completely cleared and his cultivation restored, Wan Lianyun’s face was filled with joy as he thanked Mo Qingyun.

“City Lord Wan is being too polite.”

Mo Qingyun waved his hand and stood up, saying, "Since the toxins have been completely removed, I will leave first."

“I’ll see you off!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun leaving, Wan Lianyun immediately put on his clothes and stood up to see him off from the City Lord’s Mansion.

About half an hour later, Mo Qingyun returned to Jadeite Manor.

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun entered Jadeite Manor, he noticed that the atmosphere inside seemed somewhat oppressive.

“Did something happen?”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun’s heart sank a bit, showing some worry.

“Qingyun, you’re back.”

In the Hall of Deliberation, Mo Hongtian and the rest saw Mo Qingyun return and greeted him with a smile.

Seeing their expressions, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and asked,

“Grandfather, what happened? Why do you all look so heavy-hearted?”

“Ahh…”

Mo Hongtian sighed deeply and said, “It’s like this: recently, a descendant of the Xue family named Xiao Xue returned from his training and, upon learning about Xue Zhenyang’s death, started a frenzied retaliation against our Mo family. However, due to the interference of the Alchemy Guild Union, he couldn’t do much harm to our Mo family. But…”

Seeing Mo Hongtian pause, Mo Qingyun continued asking, “But what?”

“This Xiao Xue, seeing that he couldn’t do anything to our Mo family, went mad and exterminated several clans that had dealings with us.”

Mo Hongtian sighed again and said, “Xiao Xue learned about Wu Ruo’s relationship with Feilin and led people to exterminate the Wu family of Ten Mile Town, hanging their corpses on the city walls with extremely cruel methods.”

“Xiao Xue!”

Hearing Mo Hongtian’s narration, Mo Qingyun’s face darkened slightly and a chill emanated from him.

He hadn’t expected that there was such a person in the Xue family.

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun’s killing intent rose, he saw Wu Ruo and Wu Qing beside Mo Feilin.

Seeing Mo Qingyun look at the two girls, Mo Feilin said, “Ruo Ruo and Qingsi were visiting Jadeite Manor when this happened. They narrowly escaped the disaster. Qingyun, you must avenge the Wu family.”

“Uncle Feilin, rest assured. They won’t get away!”

Hearing Mo Feilin’s request, Mo Qingyun nodded solemnly.

Then, Mo Qingyun asked Mo Hongtian and the rest about Xiao Xue’s situation.

After inquiring, Mo Qingyun learned that this Xiao Xue was an alchemy genius and had already become a Fourth-Rank Alchemist at such a young age.

Moreover, the person accompanying Xiao Xue back to Yunlian City was a Half-Step Pill Mansion expert.

Because of this, Xiao Xue dared to act so recklessly and exterminate clans that he disliked.

“Fourth-Rank Alchemist, Half-Step Pill Mansion!”

Knowing Xiao Xue had a Half-Step Pill Mansion expert accompanying him, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and showed some difficulty.

With a Half-Step Pill Mansion expert accompanying him, it would be troublesome to deal with Xiao Xue.

“Also, the previous City Lord Du Luo and others said that Xiao Xue returned this time to vie for the position of Alchemy Guild Union City Lord.”

Mo Hongtian continued, “Now, Xiao Xue has bought off many elders in the Alchemy Guild Union. It’s said that a large part of them have been bought off by him. If this continues, City Lord Du Luo and the rest will be sidelined.”

Hearing Mo Hongtian’s words, Mo Qingyun frowned even more and said solemnly, “I’ll go to the Alchemy Guild Union.”

Then Mo Qingyun left Jadeite Manor’s Hall of Deliberation and headed towards the Alchemy Guild Union.

Chapter 148: Looking for Trouble()

“Young Master!”

When Mo Qingyun was about to leave Jadeite Manor, Chi Lian returned and greeted him.

At this moment, Chi Lian’s cultivation had reached the Sixth Level of Nascent Soul Realm. It seemed that he hadn’t stopped refining others’ essence blood recently.

Seeing Chi Lian’s cultivation reach the Sixth Level of Nascent Soul Realm, Mo Qingyun showed a look of surprise. Chi Lian’s cultivation progress was somewhat beyond his expectations.

Mo Qingyun asked, “How is the matter of hollowing out the Dragon Gate Gang and Mount Tai Sect progressing?”

“Everything has been very smooth!”

Chi Lian smiled faintly and reported to Mo Qingyun, “In the Dragon Gate Gang and Mount Tai Sect, except for a few Eighth Level Nascent Soul Realm elders, six out of ten other Nascent Soul Realm elders and protectors have been turned into blood slaves by me. Some stubborn ones were directly refined.”

“Very good, you did well in this matter.”

Hearing Chi Lian’s answer, Mo Qingyun showed a satisfied look and nodded, saying, “Come with me to the Alchemy Guild Union.”

“Yes!”

Chi Lian nodded and followed Mo Qingyun.

About half an hour later, the two arrived at the Alchemy Guild Union.

As soon as they entered the Alchemy Guild Union, Mo Qingyun felt a heavy atmosphere. Everyone was tense and looked burdened.

Seeing Mo Qingyun arrive, everyone’s expressions changed involuntarily, showing complex emotions—sympathy, schadenfreude…

Mo Qingyun took in everyone’s expressions without saying much and headed towards Du Luo’s residence.

“Stop!”

As Mo Qingyun entered the Alchemy Guild Union, a cold voice came from the side.

Then Mo Qingyun saw an adult man approach him with a solemn expression.

“Hmm?”

Looking at this middle-aged man, Mo Qingyun narrowed his eyes and asked coldly, “Something to say?”

This middle-aged man had some impression of Mo Qingyun. Previously, when he came to the Alchemy Guild Union, this person often flattered him.

Who would have thought that after a while, he was acting arrogantly in front of Mo Qingyun.

However, after a brief surprise, Mo Qingyun was relieved. This person’s actions were likely due to his allegiance to Xiao Xue, following Xiao Xue's instructions.

“Here is the Alchemy Guild Union. Outsiders are not allowed inside. You must leave.”

This person glanced at Mo Qingyun coldly and said with a sneer, “Otherwise, don’t blame me for being impolite.”

“Be impolite to me?”

Hearing this person’s words, Mo Qingyun narrowed his eyes and looked at him. He signaled Chi Lian to break the man’s leg and throw him out.

“Yes, Young Master!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chi Lian sneered and attacked the middle-aged man.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, this middle-aged man panicked immediately and hurriedly said to Mo Qingyun, “Mo Qingyun, I am a senior manager of the Alchemy Guild Union. Don’t you fear the punishment from the Alchemy Guild Union?”

“Senior manager? Punishment?”

Hearing this person’s words, Mo Qingyun sneered and said, “Don’t think that by allying with Xiao Xue, you can act arrogantly in front of me. With your status, you don’t have the qualifications.”

Mo Qingyun paused and continued, “Also, make sure of one thing. You are not Xiao Xue; you don’t have a Half-Step Pill Mansion expert guarding your side. To kill you, it’s as simple as squashing an ant.”

“I…”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, this person turned pale and suddenly realized the key point.

Yes, Xiao Xue had a Half-Step Pill Mansion expert guarding him and could act arrogantly.

But he, what did he have? He was just an ordinary manager of the Alchemy Guild Union.

With such a status, acting arrogantly in front of Mo Qingyun was like seeking death.

Knowing that with Xue Zhenjiang’s status as the head of the Xue family, he could be killed by Mo Qingyun in a clash.

The difference between his and Xue Zhenyang’s status was not small. Thus, Mo Qingyun killing him would be as simple as squashing an ant.

Thinking of this, he suddenly looked panicked and pleaded to Mo Qingyun, “Young Master… I was blind. Just now, I didn’t recognize you. Please forgive me.”

“You… aren’t a senior manager? You said you would be impolite to me?”

Seeing this person’s actions, Mo Qingyun showed a playful smile and asked him.

“I… I was rude. I deserved it!”

After saying this, he slapped his own face and knelt in front of Mo Qingyun.

Slap slap slap…

Then, he kept slapping his own face while kneeling on the ground. Soon, his face was swollen.

Seeing this person’s actions, Mo Qingyun looked at him disdainfully and no longer paid attention to him. He led Chi Lian towards Du Luo’s residence.

Not long after, Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian arrived at Du Luo’s residence.

“Good disciple, you’re here!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun arrive, Du Luo and the rest showed a smile and greeted him.

“Hmm!”

After responding to Du Luo, Mo Qingyun didn’t beat around the bush and directly asked, “What’s the current situation in the Alchemy Guild Union?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Du Luo and the rest fell silent.

After a moment, Du Luo sighed and said, “Ah! Now in the Alchemy Guild Union, more than seventy percent of the elders and managers have been bought off by Xiao Xue to support him in replacing me as City Lord.”

“Those fence-sitters!” U Qi said angrily after Du Luo’s words.

“It can’t be helped. Who would have thought that Xiao Xue, at such a young age, had already become a Fourth-Rank Alchemist.”

Du Luo sighed again and continued, “Not only that, Xiao Xue also obtained the documents from the Alchemy Guild Union’s branch in the capital city and support from the Du family there. Facing such a background, it’s understandable that some people in the guild turned against us.”

“Documents from the Alchemy Guild Union branch in the capital city and support from the Du family!”

Hearing Du Luo’s words, Mo Qingyun frowned and thought to himself, “I underestimated this Xiao Xue!”

Mo Qingyun hadn’t expected that behind a young member of the Xue family, there were so many forces involved. It seemed that things were getting more complicated.

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was talking with Du Luo and the rest, a group of people entered from outside the courtyard.

As soon as they came in, an old man snorted and glared at Mo Qingyun, saying, “Humph! Daring to attack a senior manager of the guild, you little alchemy apprentice. Do you still have any respect for the rules of the Alchemy Guild Union?”

“Attacking a senior manager?”

Mo Qingyun glanced at that manager and smiled playfully, saying to the old man, “Old dog, you can eat any shit but don’t talk nonsense. Who saw me attack him?”

“Little rascal, you’re looking for death!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, this elder immediately turned serious and swung his hand towards Mo Qingyun.

Seeing the old man’s actions, Du Luo frowned and blocked his attack, saying unhappily, “Elder Miao, you’re being too impulsive!”

“Humph!”

Seeing his palm blocked by Du Luo, this Miao elder frowned and said, “If it wasn’t for you, could the manager beat himself?”

“You should ask the manager himself.”

Mo Qingyun shrugged and looked at that manager.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s gaze, the manager shivered and stammered, “It… it was his threat.”

Seeing the manager’s words, this Miao elder immediately frowned and said coldly to Mo Qingyun, “Humph! Boy, what do you have to say now? Even if it wasn’t your direct action, you’re still not off the hook.”

“Threat?”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and said playfully to Miao elder, “Old dog, now if I threaten you, will you immediately fetch a basin for me?”

“Boy, you’re looking for death!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Miao elder immediately frowned and glared at him.

Seeing Miao elder’s actions, Mo Qingyun sneered and said disdainfully, “Old dog, just now when I threatened you, why didn’t you fetch a basin?”

When Mo Qingyun said this, everyone’s expressions changed suddenly and they understood the subtlety.

Yes, if someone else threatened him, would he really beat himself? This excuse was too flimsy.

Slap slap slap…

At this moment, as everyone was stunned, the sound of slapping could be heard.

“Indeed sharp-tongued!”

As this slap sounded, Mo Qingyun saw a young man beside Miao elder walk out with a sneer and say to him, “Boy, are you Mo Qingyun?”

“Xiao Xue! What do you want?”

Seeing this young man, Du Luo and the rest frowned with a cold tone.

Chapter 149: Gambling on Lives (Second Update)()

“City Lord Du Luo, don’t worry. I just want to talk with this boy.”

Seeing Du Luo and the rest’s nervous actions, Xiao Xue smiled coldly at Mo Qingyun and asked, “Boy, is the Alchemy Guild Union City Lord’s token on you?”

“Yes!” Mo Qingyun looked at Xiao Xue calmly and said playfully, “How? Do you want it?”

Earlier, Mo Qingyun learned from Du Luo and the rest that Xiao Xue wanted to become the City Lord of the Alchemy Guild Union.

Now, when Xiao Xue asked about the City Lord’s token, he naturally wanted to get it from Mo Qingyun.

After confirming this from Mo Qingyun, Xiao Xue’s expression darkened and he ordered him, “Boy, the Alchemy Guild Union City Lord’s token is not something a little alchemy apprentice like you can possess. Hand it over.”

“Hand it over?”

Hearing Xiao Xue’s words, Mo Qingyun looked at him disdainfully and said, “Even if I hand it over, does it have anything to do with you? With your status, don’t you think you lack the qualifications for the City Lord’s token?”

“I lack the qualifications?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xiao Xue sneered and said, “I am a Fourth-Rank Alchemist. Currently in Yunlian City’s Alchemy Guild Union, I have the highest alchemy rank. You say I lack the qualifications for the City Lord’s token?”

Hearing Xiao Xue’s words, Mo Qingyun narrowed his eyes and said with a playful smile, “From your words, it seems that whoever has the highest alchemy rank should have the qualifications for the City Lord’s token?”

“Yes, naturally. The position of Alchemy Guild Union City Lord should be held by the alchemist with the highest rank.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xiao Xue showed a haughty expression and said arrogantly as if he was already the City Lord of the Alchemy Guild Union.

Seeing Xiao Xue’s expression, Mo Qingyun’s playful smile deepened and he said smilingly, “How about we have a competition? If you win, I’ll give you the City Lord’s token.”

“Have an alchemy competition with me?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xiao Xue was surprised and looked at him disdainfully.

In his view, Mo Qingyun competing with him in alchemy was a foolish act. Who didn’t know that he was a Fourth-Rank Alchemist in Yunlian City? Whose alchemy skills were higher than his?

Mo Qingyun actually wanted to compete with Xiao Xue in alchemy!

At this moment, not only was Xiao Xue surprised but the others around him were also shocked and couldn’t believe their ears.

With Xiao Xue’s status as a Fourth-Rank Alchemist, Mo Qingyun competing with him in alchemy was like madness.

“How, are you afraid?”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun looked at Xiao Xue with a challenging gaze.

“Afraid?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xiao Xue laughed and said disdainfully, “Boy, are you joking? Would I be afraid of you?”

Mo Qingyun looked at Xiao Xue disdainfully and urged him, “If you’re not afraid, stop talking nonsense.”

“Boy, since you humiliate yourself, I’ll accommodate you.”

Xiao Xue’s expression darkened and he said coldly to Mo Qingyun, “Three days later, I’ll compete with you in front of everyone in Yunlian City. Hope that when you lose, you won’t refuse to admit it.”

“You don’t need to worry about this. Just hope that when you lose, you won’t refuse to admit it.”

Mo Qingyun looked at Xiao Xue calmly and smiled faintly.

“Also, I want to ask, what will you put up if you lose?”

“I’ll lose?” Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xiao Xue sneered again as if he had heard a big joke.

“Don’t be so confident. Say what you’ll put up if you lose.”

Mo Qingyun didn’t look at Xiao Xue but took out the City Lord’s token and tapped it in his hand, saying, “This is a City Lord’s token. You can’t win empty-handed.”

Seeing the City Lord’s token in Mo Qingyun’s hand, Xiao Xue showed a dark expression and took out a pill saying, “Boy, this is a Fifth-Rank Initial Stage Pill called Break Essence Pill. After taking it, your chances of advancing to the Nascent Soul Realm will increase by thirty percent. I’ll use it as a bet.”

Fifth-Rank Initial Stage Pill!

Seeing Xiao Xue take out the Break Essence Pill, everyone’s expressions changed and excitement flashed in their eyes.

Break Essence Pill, this was a good thing. With it, there would be a thirty percent chance of adding a Nascent Soul Realm member to the family.

However, while everyone was excited, Mo Qingyun showed a disdainful expression and said, “A Fifth-Rank Pill as a bet for the City Lord’s token? You’re dreaming. If you don’t have something valuable to put up, I suggest you don’t bet.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xiao Xue’s expression twitched and he showed a dark look saying, “Boy, stop talking nonsense. Just say how you want to bet.”

“Is that so?”

Mo Qingyun looked at Xiao Xue playfully and smiled faintly, “I hope you dare when I say it.”

“I don’t dare?” Xiao Xue sneered and said disdainfully, “As long as you dare to bet, I’ll accompany you.”

“Let’s play big. How about betting our lives?”

Mo Qingyun narrowed his eyes and looked at Xiao Xue, saying, “If I lose, you take the City Lord’s token and my life. If you lose, just give me your life.”

Betting lives!

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, everyone was shocked and looked at him as if he were a madman.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun’s actions seemed to have only two possibilities in everyone's eyes: either he was mad or he had a sure chance of winning against Xiao Xue.

But Xiao Xue was a Fourth-Rank Alchemist. Did Mo Qingyun really have any hope of winning him?

Thinking this, the only possibility left for everyone was that Mo Qingyun was mad.

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Xiao Xue was stunned and didn’t know how to respond.

He had thought of many possibilities but hadn’t expected Mo Qingyun would bet their lives.

Betting lives, this wasn’t a joke. If he was careless, he might lose his life here.

At this moment, everyone’s gaze focused on Xiao Xue to see how he would respond.

“Haha…”

Under everyone's attention, Xiao Xue suddenly laughed and said to Mo Qingyun with a sneer, “Boy, I admire your courage and wisdom. But this time you might have miscalculated. Wanting to scare me with this, you’re too naive.”

“Boy, I’ll bet with you.”

Xiao Xue sneered and continued, “Three days later, we’ll compete in front of everyone in Yunlian City. The loser will commit suicide in public.”

After saying this, Xiao Xue laughed loudly as if he had already won.

Indeed, with his Fourth-Rank Alchemist abilities and competing against Mo Qingyun, a little alchemy apprentice in alchemy skills, this was somewhat bullying.

So it was!

Hearing Xiao Xue’s words, everyone’s expressions changed as if they suddenly understood Mo Qingyun's plan.

Mo Qingyun wanted to bet his life with Xiao Xue, not really intending to compete but trying to scare him off.

But something unexpected happened. Xiao Xue saw through Mo Qingyun’s plan.

This way, Mo Qingyun's current actions seemed to be digging his own grave.

If he lost the competition with Xiao Xue, it wouldn’t just be about handing over the City Lord’s token but also his life.

“Miscalculated?”

Seeing everyone look at Mo Qingyun with sympathy, Mo Qingyun’s smile widened.

Only he knew his true intentions best.

“Boy, you better wash your head clean and wait for me in three days.”

Xiao Xue said proudly and laughed, leading the others away from Du Luo’s courtyard.

Seeing Xiao Xue's confident look, it seemed he had already won. He just needed to wait for three days and take Mo Qingyun’s head.

“Same goes for you!”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and responded to Xiao Xue.

Chapter 150: Cutting off the Fuel (Third Update)()

“Qingyun, you were too hasty!”

After Xiao Xue left, Du Luo showed a worried look and said to Mo Qingyun, “You shouldn’t have competed with Xiao Xue in alchemy. His alchemy skills are even better than ours.”

“Yes, your alchemy skills are good but there’s still a gap with Xiao Xue.”

After Du Luo spoke, Xu Yu also showed a worried look and said, “I suspect Xiao Xue’s alchemy skills might have reached the middle stage of Fourth-Rank.”

“Worst case, we’ll give him the City Lord’s token.”

U Qi showed a cold look and said angrily, “But if they want to deal with Qingyun, I won’t allow it.”

“We can only do that. Even if we don’t keep our promise, at least Qingyun’s life will be safe.”

Hearing U Qi’s words, Du Luo and Xu Yu nodded in agreement.

Seeing the expressions of Du Luo and the rest, Mo Qingyun couldn’t help but smile bitterly and shake his head.

Du Luo and the rest seemed to have no confidence in him. Before even starting, they already thought he would definitely lose.

“Three teachers, don’t worry.”

Mo Qingyun smiled reassuringly at Du Luo and the rest and said, “There’s a chance of winning in a bet. Besides, don’t you have confidence in me?”

“This isn’t about confidence but Xiao Xue’s alchemy skills are indeed very high.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Du Luo and the rest showed a displeased look.

Seeing their expressions, Mo Qingyun smiled helplessly again but didn’t explain much.

In Mo Qingyun’s view, after three days when he competed with Xiao Xue, everything would be clear.

After that, Mo Qingyun and Du Luo and the rest talked for a while before leaving with Chi Lian.

After leaving the Alchemy Guild Union, Mo Qingyun didn’t return to Jadeite Manor but went with Chi Lian to the City Lord’s Mansion. He planned to ask Wan Lianyun for a favor.

After a moment, Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian arrived at the City Lord’s Mansion. With the guards leading them, they came to Wan Lianyun’s residence.

“Mo Young Master gracing our humble abode, we were not prepared.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun arrive, Wan Lianyun immediately showed a smile and welcomed him, saying, “Please come in.”

“City Lord Wan is being too polite.”

Mo Qingyun politely responded to Wan Lianyun’s courtesy.

After sitting down, Mo Qingyun didn’t beat around the bush and said to Wan Lianyun directly, “City Lord Wan, actually I came here for a favor.”

“Oh?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Wan Lianyun showed a curious look and said, “Mo Young Master, if you need anything from me, just say it. I’ll do my best to help.”

“The matter is quite simple. I want you to deal with some people…”

Mo Qingyun briefly explained the situation to Wan Lianyun.

“Sigh…”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s explanation, Wan Lianyun sucked in a breath and was somewhat shocked by Mo Qingyun's plan.

Mo Qingyun actually planned to exterminate the elders of the Dragon Gate Gang and Mount Tai Sect, cutting off their fuel.

This was too crazy.

While being shocked, Wan Lianyun also worried and said, “Mo Young Master, your idea is good. But how can we make the protectors of Mount Tai Sect and Dragon Gate Gang go to Xue family?”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and said confidently to Wan Lianyun, “Regarding this, City Lord Wan, you don’t need to worry. I’ll have my arrangements!”

“Since that’s the case, from now on, everything will be according to Mo Young Master’s arrangements.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Wan Lianyun didn’t say much and responded to him.

At this moment, he showed an expectant look. He was very curious about how Mo Qingyun would carry out his plan.

Then, the three of them left the City Lord’s Mansion and quietly went to Xue family.

“Sigh!”

After arriving at Xue family, seeing how the elders of Xue family addressed Mo Qingyun as their master, Wan Lianyun sucked in a breath and was shocked.

All the elders of Xue family called Mo Qingyun their master, meaning that the entire Xue family had been under his control.

He clearly remembered that Xue family and Mo Qingyun were like water and fire, incompatible.

But now, Mo Qingyun had taken control of the entire Xue family without anyone knowing.

This ability was truly terrifying.

If he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, Wan Lianyun wouldn’t have believed it even if he died.

“Chi Lian, you go and make the arrangements.”

After arriving at Xue family, Mo Qingyun instructed Chi Lian.

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chi Lian began giving orders to the blood slaves, making them bring over the Seventh and Eighth Level Nascent Soul Realm elders from Dragon Gate Gang and Mount Tai Sect who hadn’t been subdued.

About ten minutes later, a Seventh Level Nascent Soul Realm elder from Dragon Gate Gang was brought to Xue family by a blood slave.

“Li Xi, Wang Yu!”

Seeing the two arrive, Wan Lianyun immediately recognized them and showed a surprised look.

He really didn’t expect that Mo Qingyun actually had a way to bring the elders of Dragon Gate Gang here.

“Wan Lianyun, Mo Qingyun!”

When Wan Lianyun saw them, the elder Li Xi from Dragon Gate Gang also noticed Mo Qingyun and said with a darkened face, “How did you two end up here…”

Bang!

Before Li Xi finished his words, Wang Yu struck him with a palm, sending him flying and severely injuring him.

Puh!

Struck by Wang Yu’s palm, Li Xi spat out blood and glared at him angrily, saying, “Wang Yu, are you crazy?”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun said to Wan Lianyun, “Please City Lord Wan, deal with this person!”

“Alright!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Wan Lianyun didn’t hesitate and attacked Li Xi.

Half-Step Pill Mansion!

Feeling the aura emanating from Wan Lianyun, Li Xi’s face changed and showed a look of fear.

Bang!

Facing Wan Lianyun’s attack, Li Xi almost couldn’t resist and was sent flying by a palm strike from Wan Lianyun.

In one move, Li Xi, Seventh Level Nascent Soul Realm, died!

Seeing Wan Lianyun kill Li Xi with one palm strike, Chi Lian immediately collected his corpse and continued giving orders to the blood slaves to bring over others.

With Wan Lianyun there, Mo Qingyun didn’t have Chi Lian turn Li Xi into a blood slave. After all, the fewer people who knew about turning someone into a blood slave, the better.

Not long after, another Seventh Level Nascent Soul Realm elder from Dragon Gate Gang was brought by a blood slave.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and had Wan Lianyun kill him. Then Chi Lian collected his corpse.

This way, in the following day…