Now Mo Qingyun displayed a Seventh Level True Qi Realm cultivation, and in front of him, they had no chance at all.

“Mo… Mo Brother, just now was a misunderstanding. I misjudged the martial techniques you displayed; they were not what our sect lost.”

At this moment, Luo Yu no longer had the same arrogance and pleaded in fear.

“Misunderstanding?”

Hearing Luo Yu’s words, Mo Qingyun sneered and said, “Whether it was a misunderstanding or an accusation, it doesn’t matter now because you should die!”

“Die!”

After Mo Qingyun’s words, he slashed his palm at Luo Yu. A red True Qi blade formed and fiercely struck out.

Puchi!

The True Qi blade fell, directly killing Luo Yu, piercing through his wide-eyed body.

At this time, the other few people around him all attacked Mo Qingyun.

Fire Dragon Seal

Facing these attacks, Mo Qingyun summoned twenty-seven True Qi battle seals to form a shield and blocked their attacks.

Boom boom boom!

The attacks struck the True Qi shield, immediately producing a series of muffled sounds.

Furnace Sun Mountain-Splitting Blade

Mo Qingyun once again slashed out with his palm, this time sweeping across and towards the few people.

In an instant, a five-meter-long True Qi blade swept at the remaining few.

Puchi…

With one move, all the remaining few were killed, their waists severed by Mo Qingyun.

While Mo Qingyun was killing Luo Yu and the others, Chilian also ended his battle.

Apart from Yueying, all the other few were killed.

And now, Yueying was also refined into a blood slave by Chilian. For Chilian, only blood slaves were the most reliable.

“Blood Devouring Demon Palm!”

After finishing everything, Chilian raised his hand and struck down at Luo Yu’s corpse to extract their essence blood.

With one palm, Luo Yu and the others’ bodies immediately withered as all their essence blood was extracted.

Seeing this, Yueying’s expression changed and she became extremely fearful in her heart.

What kind of people were these!

To extract someone’s essence blood, this method was too cruel.

Thinking back to how they had targeted Mo Qingyun and Chilian earlier, it seemed they were tired of living.

After extracting Luo Yu’s essence blood, Chilian began to refine it.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun also took out some pills and started cultivating, enhancing his cultivation.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, Yueying was once again shaken and showed a look of reverence, standing by with trepidation.

Chapter 107: Do You Know Who I Am?()

After several hours, Mo Qingyun and Chilian stopped cultivating.

Through these two days of cultivation, Mo Qingyun’s cultivation had reached the peak of Fourth Level True Qi Realm, just one step away from Fifth Level.

At this moment, after Chilian consumed Luo Yu and the others’ essence blood, his cultivation stabilized at First Level Nascent Soul Realm.

Overall, Mo Qingyun and Chilian had made considerable progress.

“Take us to Chunyang City.”

After tidying up his clothes, Mo Qingyun said to Yueying.

“Yes, Young Master!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Yueying nodded respectfully and led the way.

Familiar with the forest terrain, Yueying easily guided Mo Qingyun to the edge of the forest.

“Young Master, if we head east for five miles, we will reach Chunyang City.”

After leaving the forest, Yueying pointed to the east.

“Mm!”

Mo Qingyun nodded and asked, “Tell me about Chunyang City’s power situation.”

“Yes, Young Master!”

Yueying replied and reported, “In Chunyang City, there are three major powers: Zhou Family, Wenhua Family of the city lord’s residence, and Star River Sect where I am from. Among these three major powers, the city lord’s residence is the strongest, followed by Star River Sect and Zhou Family last.”

“What are the strengths of these three major powers?” Mo Qingyun continued to ask, as he was particularly concerned about this.

Entering the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect would definitely stir up these three major families, and he might have to interact with them.

Knowing their strength would be beneficial for his next actions.

“Among these three major powers, there are Seventh Level Nascent Soul Realm experts. However, generally speaking, high-level Nascent Soul Realm experts rarely interfere with external affairs and mostly spend their time in seclusion.”

Yueying did not hide anything, answering truthfully: “Therefore, the ones basically in charge are usually First Level Nascent Soul Realm experts.”

“With this, there’s no need to worry too much.”

After knowing Chunyang City’s situation, Mo Qingyun felt a bit more confident.

As long as Fourth Level Nascent Soul Realm experts did not appear, with Chilian’s current strength and some of his trump cards, he didn’t need to worry too much about the others.

“Young Master, if we encounter Zhou Family’s people when entering Chunyang City, you should be cautious.”

At this moment, Yueying showed a worried expression and reminded Mo Qingyun.

“Zhou Family?” Mo Qingyun looked puzzled, looking at Yueying in confusion.

Yueying nodded and explained, “It’s like this. Zhou Family and our Star River Sect have always been at odds, often clashing with each other. I’m worried that when you enter Chunyang City with me, Zhou Family’s people will take targeted actions against you.”

“Oh!”

After hearing Yueying’s words, Mo Qingyun understood and showed a playful smile.

He hadn’t taken Zhou Family seriously yet. If they didn’t provoke him, he wouldn’t mind them; if they did, Zhou Family wasn’t something to be afraid of.

About an hour later, Mo Qingyun and the others arrived at Chunyang City’s outskirts.

To his surprise, Chunyang City had a much larger population than Lianyun City.

Moreover, these people were all quite powerful, with some Nascent Soul Realm experts among them.

“Eh, why are there so many Nascent Soul Realm experts in Chunyang City?”

At this moment, Yueying was surprised and asked.

“Let’s go take a look first!”

Mo Qingyun instructed Yueying and walked into Chunyang City.

After a while, Mo Qingyun and the others found an inn and entered it, finding a place to sit.

When Mo Qingyun and Chilian sat down, Yueying stood respectfully by their side without sitting.

Mo Qingyun didn’t mind her actions and accepted them.

“Have you heard? The ruins of the ancient sect, Furnace Heaven Sect, have been unearthed. They say you have Heavenly Rank martial techniques.”

“Yes, we heard about it earlier. We came here to explore the ruins.”

“With your True Qi Realm cultivation, I think you should give up. With so many Nascent Soul Realm experts here, entering the ruins is only a death sentence for you.”

“You don’t know what’s going on. There are arrays outside the Furnace Heaven Sect ruins, and only those below True Qi Realm can enter.”

“Is that true? If so, we could also explore the ruins.”

“Yes, it’s true. A True Qi Eighth Level expert wanted to enter earlier and was instantly killed by the array.”

…

As Mo Qingyun and the others sat down, the conversation of the people around them reached his ears.

“The ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect have been unearthed!”

Hearing the conversation, Mo Qingyun was surprised and somewhat unexpected.

“Good thing we came in time. Otherwise, if we had come a few days later, there wouldn’t be anything left to salvage.”

Mo Qingyun smiled in relief and thought, “Only those below True Qi Realm can enter. This seems like good news for me.”

With all his trump cards out, as long as he didn’t encounter a True Essence Realm expert, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to survive.

Therefore, the fact that True Essence Realm experts couldn’t enter the ruins was a good situation for him.

“Hey! Isn’t that Yueying?”

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was pondering in his heart, a mocking voice came from the side.

Following this, Mo Qingyun saw several young men approaching with disdainful expressions.

After they approached, the leader glanced at Mo Qingyun and Chilian contemptuously and said, “Fourth Level True Qi Realm cultivation. Yueying, is this your new slave?”

“Zhou He, it’s none of your business. Don’t meddle.”

Seeing the young men approach, Yueying’s expression turned a bit difficult and she said coldly.

Ignoring Yueying’s cold words, Zhou He sneered and said, “Yueying, you’re getting better at playing. The master stands while the slave sits; quite a new trend!”

“This is none of your business, get away from here.”

Hearing Zhou He’s words, Yueying’s expression twitched and she said sternly.

In Yueying’s view, Zhou He was living on borrowed time. Calling Mo Qingyun and Chilian slaves was like looking for death.

“Originally, it’s none of my business, but now that there are powerful experts from all four directions in Chunyang City, I don’t want them to laugh at our local forces.”

Zhou He said with a sneer, “You and I are both from Chunyang City’s three major forces. Now you’re doing such embarrassing things, and I won’t allow it. Since you can’t educate your slaves well, let me help you.”

After Zhou He finished speaking, he instructed the few behind him, “These two slaves don’t know respect. You guys teach them a lesson for Yueying Young Master and break their legs, throwing them out.”

“Yes, He Young Master!”

Hearing Zhou He’s words, the few behind him nodded.

Then they surrounded Mo Qingyun and Chilian with sneers on their faces.

“Stop!”

Seeing the few’s actions, Yueying immediately said sternly and stood in front of Mo Qingyun and Chilian.

“Chilian, Yueying, break their legs and throw them out.”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun, who had been silent, looked at Zhou He and said calmly.

“Yes, Young Master!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s identity, Yueying and Chilian immediately responded and walked towards Zhou He and the others.

Young Master!

Hearing Yueying and Chilian’s response to Mo Qingyun, Zhou He and the others were all stunned.

They didn’t expect that this Fourth Level True Qi Realm young man in front of them was their master.

After a brief moment, Zhou He sneered and said, “Yueying, you’re disgracing Star River Sect. You actually take a Fourth Level True Qi Realm young man as your master.”

“Boy, do you know who I am? I’m a direct-line son of Zhou Family. Even Yueying wouldn’t dare to say this, but you, a Fourth Level True Qi Realm young man, dared to let someone break my leg.”

Zhou He said arrogantly with his head held high and looked at Mo Qingyun.

Mo Qingyun glanced at Zhou He disdainfully and said, “I know. You’re an idiot!”

“You’re asking for death…”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Zhou He’s expression darkened and he prepared to attack Mo Qingyun.

But before his words were finished, his expression changed and he looked at Chilian in fear.

Nascent Soul Realm expert’s aura!

The old man in the cloak beside Mo Qingyun was actually a Nascent Soul Realm expert.

This discovery made Zhou He’s expression twitch and he looked at Mo Qingyun in fear, standing still.

“Nascent Soul Realm! You actually have a Nascent Soul Realm expert as your bodyguard.”

Zhou He looked at Mo Qingyun in fear, unable to believe it.

At this moment, his eyes were filled with envy when looking at Mo Qingyun.

With his status in Zhou Family, he didn’t have such treatment of having a Nascent Soul Realm expert as his bodyguard.

Nascent Soul Realm experts, in any family of Chunyang City, were absolute VIPs.

Now, this Fourth Level True Qi Realm young man had a Nascent Soul Realm expert as his bodyguard.

This was quite a blow to Zhou He, making him feel somewhat annoyed.

In his view, if Mo Qingyun and he switched places, that would be more appropriate.

But Zhou He wasn’t a fool. After discovering Chilian was a Nascent Soul Realm expert, he didn’t dare to continue attacking Mo Qingyun.

Seeing this, he sneered and said, “Humph! Boy, you’re lucky today. I have urgent matters to attend to and will let you off for now.”

After saying this, Zhou He didn’t dare to linger and turned around to leave.

“Urgent matters?”

Hearing Zhou He’s words, Mo Qingyun smiled and said playfully, “Chilian, Yueying, Zhou Young Master has urgent matters to attend to and must be in a hurry. Send them off.”

“What do you mean by that?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Zhou He asked with some confusion.

“What I mean is that I’m going to send them off!”

Mo Qingyun looked at Zhou He calmly and said to Chilian, “Break their legs and throw them out.”

“Boy, don’t overdo it. In Chunyang City, if you hurt me… we won’t be able to escape.”

Zhou He said fearfully.

“Attack!”

Ignoring Zhou He’s words, Mo Qingyun signaled Chilian and Yueying to attack.

After hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chilian and Yueying no longer hesitated and attacked Zhou He and the others.

Zhou He and the others were only True Qi Eighth Level and Ninth Level, facing Chilian’s attack, they were instantly defeated like chickens and dogs. Their legs were broken by Chilian and Yueying and thrown out of the inn like trash.

“Boy, Zhou Family won’t let you off.”

As he was thrown out by Chilian, Zhou He said不甘ly.

Mo Qingyun ignored Zhou He’s words and sat calmly, waiting for the dishes to be served.

“Young Master, you hurt Zhou He. Zhou Family’s people won’t let it go easily. Should we leave first?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun sitting calmly, Yueying said worriedly.

“No rush. Sit down and eat first.”

Knowing Chunyang City’s overall strength, Mo Qingyun didn’t need to worry too much.

Seeing Mo Qingyun say this, Yueying sat down with a nervous heart without saying anything more.

Next, Mo Qingyun and the others leisurely ate and drank.

About half an hour later, after Mo Qingyun and the others finished eating, a commotion came from outside the inn.

Soon, Mo Qingyun saw a group of people coming in.

Zhou He, whose legs were broken by Chilian earlier, was now sitting on a wheelchair in the middle of the group.

Seeing Zhou He and the others appear, everyone’s expressions changed and they looked at Mo Qingyun and the others with concern.

It seemed that Zhou He had found some experts from his family to come for revenge.

“Quickly arrived!”

Seeing Zhou He and the others arrive, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and said, “One Second Level Nascent Soul Realm expert, two Half-Step Nascent Soul Realm experts, and several True Qi Realm experts. Zhou Family really values us.”

“Boy, this time you’re dead for sure. With Eternal Elder and two guardians here, you can’t escape.”

After Zhou He approached Mo Qingyun, he said with a dark expression.

“Huh? Is that so?”

Mo Qingyun smiled calmly and said, “It seems the punishment I gave you earlier wasn’t enough. You didn’t learn your lesson.”

“Humph, a presumptuous child, still daring to speak arrogantly in front of me.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Zhou Family’s Eternal Elder sneered and turned to look at Chilian.

“Friend, it’s not easy for you to reach Nascent Soul Realm. Don’t make a mistake because of this True Qi Realm boy and ruin your future.”

Eternal Elder said to Chilian, “If you don’t interfere in this matter now, I can recommend you to the family and give you a position as an elder of Zhou Family.”

“A small Zhou Family isn’t enough to recruit me.”

Hearing Eternal Elder’s words, Chilian sneered and said.

“Humph, don’t know your own worth!”

Seeing Chilian’s response, Eternal Elder’s expression darkened and said, “Since you want to die, I’ll make it happen for you.”

Blood Mist Spread

As Eternal Elder spoke, Chilian attacked him. A terrifying blood mist instantly burst out and enveloped everyone.

Blood-Thirsty Ghost Slash

At the same time, Chilian slashed at Eternal Elder. A terrifying blood aura formed a ghost face and rushed towards Eternal Elder like a blood-colored specter.

Three Levels of Blood’s Essence!

Seeing Chilian attack, Eternal Elder’s expression twitched and a sense of shock rose in his heart.

He never expected that Chilian, with not high cultivation, had such a profound understanding of Essence, reaching the third level.

Blood Star Piercing Clouds

Facing Chilian’s attack, Eternal Elder didn’t dare to be careless and immediately retaliated.

A dazzling red light appeared on Eternal Elder’s fingers, like stars in the night sky.

Swoosh!

With one finger pointed out, a brilliant aura of energy formed a starlight and directly struck the ghost face.

Ah!

Struck by this starlight, the ghost face showed a look of pain and its expression became狰狞.

But in an instant, that starlight was devoured by the blood ghost face.

“What powerful Essence power!”

Seeing his full-strength attack fail to destroy the ghost face, Eternal Elder’s expression changed and he was shocked.

He didn’t expect that although his cultivation was higher than Chilian’s, in this battle he fell at a disadvantage.

After a brief shock, Eternal Elder knew that he wasn’t Chilian’s match. After all, their understanding of Essence differed too much.

Then Eternal Elder didn’t hesitate and instructed the others beside him, “I’ll hold this person off. You guys deal with those two boys.”

“Yes, Elder!”

Hearing Eternal Elder’s words, the others responded and attacked Mo Qingyun and Yueying.

Soon, Yueying was surrounded by Zhou Family’s two Half-Step Nascent Soul Realm experts and engaged in battle.

As for Mo Qingyun, he was surrounded by several True Qi Realm experts and slowly approached him.

“Boy, weren’t you proud and arrogant?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun surrounded by several True Qi Realm experts, Zhou He said smugly, “Now that the old ghost and Yueying are busy with themselves, let’s see who can save you.”

“Just a few True Qi Realm experts. Although I can’t defeat them, they can’t hurt me.”

Mo Qingyun said disdainfully with a sneer.

Swift Shadow Step

With a move, Mo Qingyun’s figure darted like a phantom among the few people, easily evading their attacks.

Wind Essence!

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s performance, Eternal Elder who was fighting with Chilian was shocked and widened his eyes in disbelief.

At this moment, not only Eternal Elder but also the others around were shocked.

True Qi Fourth Level cultivation and understanding Essence, what kind of talent is this!

At this moment, Mo Qingyun seemed like a monster in everyone’s eyes.

“Young Master Qingyun, what terrifying talent.”

Yueying was shocked and looked at Mo Qingyun with even more reverence.

While dodging Zhou Family’s few True Qi Realm experts’ attacks, Mo Qingyun quickly thought about countermeasures.

He found that Yueying was already in a passive and defensive situation under the attacks of Zhou Family’s two Half-Step Nascent Soul Realm experts.

Probably not long, Yueying would be defeated. With Yueying’s defeat, his situation would also become worrying.

After all, the two fighting with Yueying had also understood Essence.

“Looks like we need to finish this quickly.”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun’s mind was clear. After surveying the surroundings, he quickly made a decision.

“Chilian, use your full strength and finish this quickly.”

Mo Qingyun said with a cold expression.

“Yes, Young Master!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chilian no longer held back and his attacks became more fierce.

Four Levels of Blood Essence!

With Chilian’s full strength, Eternal Elder’s expression twitched again and he was shocked.

He didn’t expect that Chilian had hidden one more level of Essence power when fighting with him earlier.

A First Level Nascent Soul Realm expert understanding four levels of Essence, this talent was too terrifying.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun and Chilian gave him a mysterious and terrifying feeling.

What kind of force could cultivate such terrifying existence?

At the same time, Eternal Elder’s pressure increased rapidly and he fell into a passive situation.

Star-Eating Beast, appear!

Therefore, Eternal Elder didn’t hesitate and summoned his spirit beast.

The Star-Eating Beast spirit beast was a top-grade tenth-level spirit beast that could absorb star energy and enhance the power of its attacks with star energy.

With the help of soul force, Eternal Elder’s situation improved and he could face Chilian again.

“Summon spirit beast?”

Seeing the other side summon a spirit beast, Chilian’s lips curled into a cold smile and said, “Old man, since you’re like this, I’ll no longer hold back.”

Seven Fiends Blood Tainted Dragon, appear!

After Chilian’s words, a terrifying aura spread throughout the inn.

Above Chilian’s head appeared a blood-colored dragon with seven heads, looking ferocious and staring down at Eternal Elder.

“Twelve… top-grade twelfth-level spirit beast, Seven Fiends Blood Tainted Dragon!”

Seeing the blood dragon with seven heads and tens of meters long, Eternal Elder was shocked.

Who is this guy?

A twelfth-level top-grade spirit beast. In the past hundred years of Xia Kingdom, such a terrifying existence hadn’t appeared.

At this moment, Eternal Elder cursed Zhou He in his heart. How did he provoke such a terrifying existence.

A super terrifying spirit beast and a profound understanding of Essence, could ordinary people provoke them?

Seven Fiends Nightmare

After summoning the spirit beast, Chilian didn’t hesitate and attacked Eternal Elder again. A red light flashed in his eyes and directly struck Eternal Elder’s forehead.

“No…”

Struck by that red light, Eternal Elder was shocked as if he saw something terrifying and stood still, desperately shouting but unable to resist.

Crack!

When Eternal Elder was stunned, Chilian grabbed his neck and snapped it.

Second Level Nascent Soul Realm expert Eternal Elder died!

“No… Impossible!”

Seeing Eternal Elder killed by Chilian, Zhou He’s face turned ashen and he shook his head in fear.

Puchi!

When Zhou He was frightened, Chilian struck the others from Zhou Family and killed them all.

After killing Zhou Family’s people, Mo Qingyun slowly walked towards Zhou He and said calmly, “Can’t escape? Let me regret coming to this world?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Zhou He was at a loss and almost cried.

He couldn’t accept that Second Level Nascent Soul Realm expert Eternal Elder was killed by Mo Qingyun and the others.

“No… I didn’t mean that. Just now, I was too arrogant. From now on, I won’t be arrogant anymore… No… Not arrogant, please don’t kill me…”

Zhou He said fearfully and pleaded with his hands.

Ignoring Zhou He’s plea, Mo Qingyun grabbed him by the throat and crushed it before he finished speaking.

“Let’s go!”

After killing Zhou He, Mo Qingyun didn’t linger and walked out of the inn.

After all, this was Chunyang City’s territory. It wasn’t time to confront Zhou Family head-on yet.

Most importantly, after Chilian killed Zhou Family’s Eternal Elder, it wasn’t suitable to refine his essence blood in Chunyang City.

After hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chilian grabbed Eternal Elder’s corpse and left the inn with Yueying following Mo Qingyun.

After seeing Mo Qingyun and the others’ ferocity earlier, everyone in the inn retreated when they saw them approach.

Ignoring everyone’s actions, Mo Qingyun and the others left the inn.

After leaving the inn, Mo Qingyun rushed towards the outskirts of Chunyang City at full speed.

Fifteen minutes later, Mo Qingyun and the others arrived near the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect.

Arriving here, they didn’t hesitate and started their respective tasks.

Mo Qingyun took out pills to refine and cultivate, Chilian extracted Eternal Elder’s essence blood and refined it, while Yueying recovered her injuries.

Like this, Mo Qingyun and the others immersed themselves in cultivation.

Half a day later, Mo Qingyun’s aura suddenly surged as he broke through.

Mo Qingyun had reached Fifth Level True Qi Realm!

“Fifth Level True Qi Realm!”

Seeing his cultivation break through at this moment, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly. This was good news for him.

With his cultivation improved, he would have more assurance when entering the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s cultivation break through, Yueying was shocked by his cultivation speed.

After breaking through, Mo Qingyun didn’t stop but continued to cultivate and stabilize his cultivation.

Like this, another day passed.

At this moment, the aura around Mo Qingyun’s body rapidly surged as the surrounding heaven and earth energy converged towards him.

“Hmm?”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun frowned and opened his eyes to look at Chilian with surprise. “Chilian, he’s about to break through.”

Mo Qingyun was very pleased to see Chilian’s cultivation speed.

He knew that with Chilian’s previous realm, as long as he continuously consumed others’ essence blood, his cultivation would steadily increase until reaching the Divine Sense Realm.

This cultivation speed couldn’t be described as fast; it was terrifying.

Although he envied Chilian’s cultivation speed, Mo Qingyun didn’t intend to cultivate the Great Devouring Technique.

The path of martial arts was arduous, and only with a firm heart could one go further.

Chilian’s cultivation method wasn’t suitable for him.

Under Mo Qingyun’s gaze, Chilian’s aura became increasingly terrifying. Within a ten-meter radius around him, he was enveloped in a blood-colored light that looked terrifying and eerie.

This state lasted for fifteen minutes before gradually easing.

At the same time, Chilian’s aura slowly receded as he continued to cultivate.

“Master, as long as the old fellows in Chunyang City don’t come out of seclusion, no one can be my match.”

Chilian opened his eyes and said happily.

“Good!”

Hearing Chilian’s words, Mo Qingyun smiled satisfactorily and nodded. “Let’s go to the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect.”

Chapter 108: Do You Know Who I Am? (Part Two)()

Fifteen minutes later, Mo Qingyun and the others arrived at the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect.

Outside the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect, there were already many people standing, all looking tense at the entrance to the ruins.

These people came from various forces and were mostly elders, guarding their True Qi Realm juniors as they entered the ruins.

After a quick glance at everyone, Mo Qingyun and Chilian sat down near the entrance.

“Boy, we from Flowing Light Valley’s Sha Family have claimed this spot. Move if you want to live.”

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun and the others just sat down, a cold and domineering voice came from the side.

Following the sound, Mo Qingyun saw ten or so people slowly approaching them.

This group was led by a First Level Nascent Soul Realm expert and two True Qi Ninth Level experts.

The rest were all True Qi Eighth and Ninth Level juniors, apparently going to the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect for training.

After a quick glance at everyone, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened and he said, “Get out or die!”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun didn’t want to waste words with these people and responded in a domineering manner.

He knew that if he showed weakness now, other families would step on him next.

Therefore, at this moment, he didn’t mind killing a chicken to warn the monkeys.

“Boy, you’re asking for death!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, a True Qi Eighth Level expert from the group walked out and said.

“That boy is asking for death. He offended Flowing Light Valley’s people, and the leader of our group this time is a Nascent Soul Realm expert.”

“A Fifth Level True Qi Realm boy also wants to enter the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect. This is asking for death.”

“Before treasures, who can remain calm? This boy is just unlucky. He’s going to be killed by Flowing Light Valley’s people before even entering the ruins of Furnace Heaven Sect.”

…

Seeing Mo Qingyun and Flowing Light Valley’s people clash, everyone around laughed with schadenfreude.

As the crowd chatted, the True Qi Eighth Level expert from Flowing Light Valley raised his hand and slashed at Mo Qingyun.

“Boy, in my opinion, the one asking for death is you.”

Seeing this person’s actions, Chilian’s eyes flashed with blood and he sneered. He raised his hand to strike.

Boom!

The person was instantly struck by Chilian and died.

“Sir, they first occupied our spot and now killed my people. Isn’t this too much?”

Seeing Chilian’s actions, the Nascent Soul Realm expert from Flowing Light Valley said with a dark expression.

“Hua Elder, this old man is too domineering. Please kill him and avenge Donglin.”

The young people behind the Nascent Soul Realm expert from Flowing Light Valley said with bared teeth and anger.

“Us too domineering?”

Hearing Hua Elder’s words, Mo Qingyun looked at him disdainfully and said with a sneer. “Old man, if you want to be a courtesan, don’t set up a high standard. If you can’t fight, get out of the way and stop talking nonsense.”

“A sharp-tongued boy. I’ll see what you can do today.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Hua Elder became furious and raised his hand to grab Mo Qingyun.