Apart from that, the state of death of those in other houses also indicated they were killed by a soul technique with one strike.

After this discovery, Mo Qingyun was visibly moved and muttered to himself in surprise: "Could it be that everyone from this sect was killed by a single strike?"

To kill an entire sect with one strike, the strength of the person who did this must be terrifying.

"Someone capable of doing such a thing would at least have reached the Heavenly Palace Realm in terms of soul cultivation."

Mo Qingyun made a simple deduction and his expression became even more solemn, feeling somewhat heavy-hearted: "What could be the reason for a Heavenly Palace Realm powerhouse to come here and kill all these people from this sect?"

With such doubts, Mo Qingyun left the mansion and headed towards other mansions in the ancestral tomb.

During this process, Mo Qingyun encountered many who wanted to snatch his identity card, but the result was always the same; their identity cards were all plundered by him.

After several hours, Mo Qingyun's collection of identity cards increased to over thirty.

This meant that out of the total one hundred and eighty identity cards, he had acquired about a sixth of them.

Mo Qingyun was somewhat amused by this result, as if he had plundered too much.

But since they were offered to him, he could not refuse them.

"Have you heard? The Song family is joining forces with the He family to massacre the Mo family."

"Indeed, we heard. Several of the younger generation from the Mo family have already died, leaving only Mo Xin, Mo Cang, and Mo Yi."

"I heard that Mo Xin is being chased by He Guang, and she seems to be injured as well."

...

At this moment, the voices of several people reached Mo Qingyun's ears.

"He family!"

Hearing their words, Mo Qingyun's expression darkened and a killing intent emanated from him as he coldly said: "It seems I was too lenient."

"You just mentioned that Mo Xin is being chased by He Guang. Where is she now?"

Mo Qingyun grabbed one of them and asked coldly.

...

"About a mile to the west from here."

Under Mo Qingyun's terrifying aura, this person responded with a pale face.

"Don't lie to me!"

After hearing the response, Mo Qingyun moved and disappeared from their sight in a few flashes.

"Whoa! That person was so terrifying!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun leave, these people drew in a breath and said with lingering fear.

...

At this moment, within one of the mansions in the ancestral tomb.

"Mo Xin, you can't escape. Hand over the Spirit Qi Pill."

A ten-year-old youth in front of Mo Xin said coldly.

"He Guang, don't be too overbearing. I discovered this Spirit Qi Pill."

Mo Xin's expression darkened and she said angrily.

Previously, Mo Xin discovered this bottle of top-grade second-tier Spirit Qi Pill in a mansion by chance.

But somehow, He Guang from the He family found out and chased her relentlessly.

"That's what you think. The treasures in this ancestral tomb belong to those who can seize them. I advise you to hand it over."

He Guang sneered and sized up Mo Xin's body, then said with a lecherous smile: "To be honest, I really don't want to hurt such a beautiful woman. Of course, if you're willing to serve me from now on, I can share some of the Spirit Qi Pill with you."

"Disgraceful!"

Hearing He Guang's crude words, Mo Xin said angrily.

"Disgraceful?"

He Guang smiled disdainfully and said: "Wait until I let you experience the feeling of ascending to immortality, then you won't say that. You'll beg me to do it."

"You..."

As He Guang's words became more and more offensive, Mo Xin was enraged to the extreme and attacked him directly.

Phoenix Dance with Fire Silk!

Mo Xin moved like a fire phoenix, dancing towards He Guang.

As Mo Xin danced, a powerful flame true qi burst from her body.

"Mo Xin, your level of attack can't hurt me!"

Seeing Mo Xin's move, He Guang sneered and said: "Although we are both True Qi Realm cultivators, I have awakened my martial soul technique. Now let me show you the power of a martial soul technique."

Heavenly River Curtain!

He Guang's palms struck out, and the river-shaped martial soul above his head transformed into a water curtain in front of him.

As soon as the water curtain appeared, it blocked Mo Xin's attack and collided with her body.

Puchi!

After being hit by the water curtain, Mo Xin was pushed back and spat out a mouthful of blood.

Seeing Mo Xin retreat from his attack, He Guang said arrogantly: "Mo Xin, I'll give you one last chance. Hand over the Spirit Qi Pill and become my servant. I can spare your life, otherwise don't blame me for not being gentle."

"Unless I die..."

Mo Xin gritted her teeth and attacked He Guang again.

"Dying!"

Seeing Mo Xin attack him again, He Guang's expression darkened and he struck back.

Bang!

After a collision, Mo Xin was once again sent flying.

At this moment, He Guang did not hold back and struck at Mo Xin with a palm, snarling: "Since you don't know when to give in, don't blame me for being ruthless."

Then He Guang struck at Mo Xin with a vicious palm.

Seeing this, Mo Xin showed a look of despair and involuntarily closed her eyes.

Bang!

At that moment, a dull sound came from in front of Mo Xin.

Then she saw He Guang's body being hit and pushed back by a punch.

Mo Qingyun, Mo Qingyun had arrived!

Seeing Mo Qingyun's arrival, Mo Xin smiled sweetly and said: "Brother Qingyun, leave the rest to me."

"Alright!"

After hearing this, Mo Xin walked aside and began to recover.

Chapter 89: Not Even Fit to Tie His Shoes?()

Mo Qingyun's sudden appearance made He Guang and the others change their expressions, showing a hint of vigilance.

They did not expect Mo Xin to have backup at this critical moment.

Body Refinement Tenth Stage Peak!

However, when He Guang discovered that Mo Qingyun was only at Body Refinement Tenth Stage Peak, he showed a look of disdain.

Mo Xin's True Qi Realm cultivation was not his match; what could someone at Body Refinement Tenth Stage Peak do, it would not change the situation.

"Young man, I admire your courage. Knowing you're no match for me, yet still daring to stand up."

He Guang looked down at Mo Qingyun and said arrogantly: "Wanting to save a damsel in distress? With your strength, it's not enough. How about this: kneel and beg for mercy, cripple your cultivation, bark three times like a dog. When I play with Mo Xin later, you can watch my prowess."

After He Guang finished speaking, he laughed arrogantly.

"I also admire your courage to talk to me like this."

Mo Qingyun's expression darkened and he said coldly: "But now, even if you kneel and beg for mercy, cripple your cultivation, and bark like a dog, I won't spare you."

"Did you hear that? He said he won't spare me?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, He Guang laughed again and said to the others: "Brother He Guang, this young man is probably just saving face. Afraid to lose face in front of a woman."

"From my perspective, this young man must be extremely scared. Maybe he's already wetting his pants."

"Kid, He Guang is the third prodigy of our He family. Even Mo Cang from your Mo family isn't his match."

"As for that Mo Qingyun of yours, I think he's not even fit to tie He Guang's shoes."

...

The followers behind He Guang said with a fearless tone.

"Not even fit to tie his shoes?"

Hearing that he was not even fit to tie He Guang's shoes, Mo Qingyun smiled wryly.

Mo Xin looked at them with a sympathetic gaze.

These people didn't even know who Mo Qingyun was, yet they dared to say such things. Truly pitiful.

"Young man, in order for you to see the difference between True Qi Realm and Body Refinement Realm, I'll let you go first."

He Guang said with a condescending attitude.

"Let me go first?"

Hearing He Guang's words, Mo Qingyun's smile grew even wider and he said calmly: "I hope you won't regret it later!"

Then Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and attacked He Guang.

Ninefold Collapse

As soon as Mo Qingyun moved, his aura surged to the True Qi Realm level.

The powerful true qi on his fist transformed into nine true qi punches and struck the shocked He Guang.

"You... you're not at Body Refinement Tenth Stage Peak, your cultivation is True Qi Realm!"

Feeling the change in Mo Qingyun's aura, He Guang was shocked and his eyes flashed with panic.

Mo Qingyun's cultivation wasn't Body Refinement Tenth Stage Peak, but had reached the True Qi Realm level.

But at this moment, He Guang didn't have time to think further as Mo Qingyun's fist was already in front of him.

Heavenly River Curtain!

Seeing this, He Guang didn't hesitate and activated his martial soul technique.

Soon, a water curtain appeared in front of him to block Mo Qingyun's punches.

But under Mo Qingyun's punches, his martial soul technique was only able to withstand for a moment before being shattered.

Bang bang bang...

Then He Guang was hit by the punches and flew back.

Puchi!

After falling to the ground, He Guang spat out a mouthful of blood and looked at Mo Qingyun with pale face and fearful eyes.

He didn't expect Mo Qingyun to be so powerful, in front of him he had no strength to resist.

"Is this the difference between Body Refinement Realm and True Qi Realm?" Mo Qingyun said with a faint smile.

Hearing this, He Guang's face turned red and he panicked: "Who... who are you? Why do you meddle in other people's affairs?"

"Who am I?"

Mo Qingyun smiled wryly and said calmly: "I'm Mo Qingyun. Didn't they say I wasn't even fit to tie your shoes? How come you don't know who I am?"

Mo Qingyun!

Hearing Mo Qingyun's name, He Guang and the others were stunned as if struck by lightning.

They didn't expect that the person they looked down upon was standing in front of them and they couldn't recognize him.

What shocked them even more was Mo Qingyun's terrifying strength.

Even a True Qi Realm cultivator like He Guang wasn't his match in one move.

Thinking about this, He Guang and the others showed a look of fear: "Mo Qingyun, what do you want? We are all the direct descendants of the He family. If you dare to harm us, the He family won't let you off."

"The direct descendants of the He family? So what?"

Mo Qingyun said disdainfully: "When you were chasing Mo Xin, did you think about the fact that she is a direct descendant of the Mo family? Do you think your He family is better than others?"

"I..."

Hearing this, He Guang and the others were speechless.

After a brief silence, they pleaded: "Mo... Mo Qingyun, don't kill us. As long as you don't kill us, we'll do anything."

"I said earlier that even if you kneel and beg for mercy now, I will still kill you. So die!"

Seeing the speechless He Guang and the others, Mo Qingyun raised his hand and struck them.

Fire Dragon Seal

In an instant, twenty-seven true qi battle seals were summoned by Mo Qingyun and rapidly struck He Guang and the others.

Facing the twenty-seven true qi battle seals, He Guang and the others were almost unable to resist and were instantly killed by Mo Qingyun.

Before dying, He Guang spat out a venomous word: "Mo Qingyun, don't be too proud. After the Town Assembly, your Mo family will perish."

"After the Town Assembly, your Mo family will perish?"

Hearing He Guang's words, Mo Qingyun frowned and a faint worry rose in his heart.

But he didn't think much about it, as this was not something he could control.

"Qingyun, let's go."

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was collecting the乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag) of He Guang and the others, Mo Xin walked over.

"Alright!"

Mo Qingyun nodded and left the mansion with Mo Xin.

"Sister Mo Xin, did you meet Brother Mo Yi and others after entering?"

Mo Qingyun asked.

"No! After I entered, many ghosts and spirits attacked me. Then I killed them out."

Mo Xin recounted her experience: "Later, I searched for opportunities in the ancestral tomb and found some Spirit Qi Pills in a mansion. But He Guang knew about it and chased me here."

"Earlier, I heard that the Song and He families were attacking our Mo family. I'm worried about Brother Mo Yi's safety."

Mo Qingyun showed a look of concern, as he had some affection for Mo Yi.

"Let's head towards the inner part of the ancestral tomb. I think they would have moved inward, as that's where the exit is."

Mo Xin said to Mo Qingyun.

"Alright, let's go quickly!"

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun nodded and headed towards the deeper part of the ancestral tomb.

Chapter 90: A Thousand-Year-Old Monster()

In the following days, Mo Qingyun and Mo Xin continuously穿梭 (shuttle) through various mansions.

Unfortunately, the harvest was not great; occasionally there were some low-grade pills or ordinary martial techniques.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun couldn't help but speculate that the precious items in the ancestral tomb might have been taken by someone earlier.

As they delved deeper into the ancestral tomb, the ghosts and spirits encountered became more powerful.

A single ghost or spirit could pose a threat to someone at Body Refinement Tenth Stage.

Fortunately, they hadn't awakened their intelligence and still attacked out of instinct towards those who approached them.

For Mo Qingyun, with his Soul Form Realm soul cultivation, dealing with these spirits was quite easy.

Seeing Mo Qingyun using the Soul Heaven Seal to kill the ghosts and spirits like cutting vegetables, Mo Xin's eyes widened.

These ghosts and spirits were almost unresponsive under her attacks, while Mo Qingyun killed them effortlessly.

This scene had a significant impact on her.

Fortunately, Mo Xin was not someone who hesitated easily. After a brief moment of depression, she recovered.

After two days, Mo Qingyun and Mo Xin arrived at the bottom of the ancestral tomb.

There was a glowing stone platform, which was the exit Mo Xin mentioned earlier.

"Qingyun, let's go out."

After reaching the exit, Mo Xin said to Mo Qingyun: "Tomorrow is the last day we can stay in the ancestral tomb. I think Brother Mo Yi and others should have already left."

"Alright!"

Mo Qingyun nodded, pondered for a moment, and said to Mo Xin: "Sister Mo Xin, you go out first. I plan to stay in the ancestral tomb a bit longer."

"This..."

Hearing this, Mo Xin hesitated slightly and said: "Alright then. Be careful yourself. I'll leave the ancestral tomb first."

Then Mo Xin stepped onto the glowing platform and vanished from Mo Qingyun's sight in an instant.

Seeing Mo Xin leave, Mo Qingyun returned along the original path and entered a unobtrusive palace.

When he and Mo Xin first entered this palace, he clearly sensed an obscure aura fluctuation here.

Entering the palace, Mo Qingyun released his soul power to sense that obscure aura fluctuation.

"Underground!"

After a while, Mo Qingyun frowned and sensed the source of that obscure aura fluctuation.

Discovering this, Mo Qingyun began to search for an entrance leading underground. Soon, he found a hidden passage.

Entering the passage, that obscure aura fluctuation became stronger.

Moreover, what surprised Mo Qingyun even more was the intense blood qi fluctuations inside the passage.

"Why is there such a strong blood qi fluctuation underground?"

With intense curiosity and bewilderment, Mo Qingyun sped up his pace and headed deeper into the passage.

After a moment, Mo Qingyun arrived at the end of the passage and was stunned by what he saw.

At the end of the passage, there was a place resembling an altar. In the center of the altar was a huge blood pool.

At this moment, many figures were jumping into the altar one after another around the blood pool.

As soon as these figures entered the altar, they turned into blood water in an instant.

What shocked Mo Qingyun even more was that those jumping into the altar were all young members from various families who entered the ancestral tomb for the Town Assembly.

After a brief shock, Mo Qingyun examined that blood pool again.

Upon seeing it, Mo Qingyun's expression changed dramatically. From the symbols around the blood pool, he recognized this as a famous array called the Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array.

Moreover, Mo Qingyun knew that this array was usually used for blood rebirth by someone who wanted to achieve it.

"This is the Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array. Someone wants to undergo blood rebirth!"

Mo Qingyun said in surprise.

"Young man, I didn't expect you to have such knowledge. You know the Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array and blood rebirth."

At this moment, a dark laugh came from above the blood pool.

The source of that voice was a red skeleton with eyes glowing eerily.

"Are you the disciple of Blood Refiner King?"

Seeing that red skeleton, Mo Qingyun quickly guessed its origin and asked.

Mo Qingyun asked this because he knew that only Blood Refiner King and his disciples understood the Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array and blood rebirth.

According to Mo Qingyun's memory, before his reincarnation, Blood Refiner King seemed to have been killed by Li He.

"I didn't expect that after a thousand years, someone still knows my name."

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, the red skeleton sighed and said with eyes glowing red: "Young man, considering you know my name, if you agree to become my blood slave, I can spare your life."

"Are you Blood Refiner King?"

Hearing the red skeleton's words, Mo Qingyun was slightly surprised. He didn't expect that it would be the notorious Blood Refiner King himself.

"Li He didn't kill you and let you escape here, planning to undergo blood rebirth."

After a brief surprise, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and said: "If your Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array succeeds and you complete the blood rebirth, I might fear you. But now, you're just a residual soul. With your current state, you don't have the qualifications to make me become your blood slave."

Blood slaves were a unique method of Blood Refiner King, leaving a blood mark in the other's veins.

Once you become a blood slave of Blood Refiner King, your life and death no longer belong to yourself but are controlled by him.

Mo Qingyun wouldn't agree with this, and besides, Blood Refiner King didn't have the ability to threaten him now.

"You... who are you?"

Seeing that Mo Qingyun not only knew his current situation but also was well-informed about him, Blood Refiner King's tone became somewhat panicked.

Although Mo Qingyun seemed to be at Body Refinement Tenth Stage Peak, he didn't believe that a young man at this stage could know so much about him.

He thought Mo Qingyun must have hidden his true identity and was worried that he might be sent by Li He to chase him.

Ignoring Blood Refiner King's words, Mo Qingyun said calmly: "Who I am doesn't matter. Now you have two choices: either follow me from now on or be eliminated by my next move."

"Young man, don't overstep your bounds. I'll fight to the death with you!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun's threatening words, Blood Refiner King said angrily.

"You can try."

Mo Qingyun didn't take it seriously and responded calmly.

After saying this, Mo Qingyun waited for Blood Refiner King's response with a calm expression.

Mo Qingyun wanted to subdue Blood Refiner King because in his prime, he was a peak Divine Sense Realm powerhouse.

Moreover, Blood Refiner King had some mysterious abilities. If he could subdue him, it would be a great help in the future.

After a moment, Blood Refiner King pondered again and said reluctantly: "Alright, I agree to follow you."

"You'll find out that your choice today is very wise."

Seeing Blood Refiner King's willingness to submit, Mo Qingyun chuckled and said: "Apply the blood mark on yourself and I'll leave a soul imprint in it."

"You..."

Hearing that Mo Qingyun wanted him to become his blood slave, Blood Refiner King was secretly angry.

But after a brief confrontation with Mo Qingyun's gaze, he chose to back down again.

There was no way around it; the feeling Mo Qingyun gave him was too strange, and he knew too much about him.

He didn't dare to doubt that Mo Qingyun had no means of dealing with him.

Then Blood Refiner King applied the blood mark on himself and became Mo Qingyun's blood slave.

Chapter 91: Reviving Blood Refiner King()

After subduing Blood Refiner King, Mo Qingyun learned the reason for this sect's destruction.

It was because of the aftermath of Blood Refiner King's battle with a Supreme Realm powerhouse, Li He.

Finally, unable to withstand Li He, Blood Refiner King used a blood shield technique and hid in this sect, escaping the calamity.

But after using the blood shield technique, Blood Refiner King was severely injured. Helplessly, he planned to use blood rebirth to cultivate again.

For this purpose, Blood Refiner King set up a trap, attracting outsiders into the sect through the Ancestral Tomb and Town Assembly.

During each Ancestral Tomb ceremony, Blood Refiner King would release some treasures for the young members to find.

This attracted various families to send their young members every year, searching for his treasures.

In this process, Blood Refiner King would hunt some young members from various families and refine their essence blood to perfect the Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array.

What he didn't expect was that Mo Qingyun appeared at this critical moment, disrupting all his plans.

"How long will it take for your Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array to be completed?"

After hearing Blood Refiner King's explanation, Mo Qingyun asked.

"Master, just a few more people's essence blood need to be refined," Blood Refiner King replied respectfully.

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun nodded and asked: "Did you take everything from this sect?"

"Yes, Master!"

Blood Refiner King responded and handed a乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag) to Mo Qingyun, saying: "Everything from this sect is in here. But due to years of consumption, there's not much left now."

Taking the乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag) from Blood Refiner King, Mo Qingyun opened it and checked.

As expected, there wasn't much left inside as Blood Refiner King said.

But fortunately, the remaining items were relatively precious and rare.

"Red Blood Grass, Fusion Spirit Flower, Golden Essence Fruit, Water Spirit Vine, No-Flower Moss..."

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun took out one by one the spiritual herbs and neatly arranged them in front of him.

"A few are missing, this is somewhat troublesome."

Mo Qingyun frowned and asked Blood Refiner King with a look of difficulty: "Do you have Dragon Soul Grass, Feather Spirit Gold Water, and Nirvana Soil?"

"Dragon Soul Grass, Feather Spirit Gold Water, and Nirvana Soil!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun's question, Blood Refiner King was startled. These were extremely rare items.

More importantly, these items grew in some remote places that few people knew about.

Blood Refiner King didn't expect Mo Qingyun to know these items and felt surprised.

"It seems Master's background is quite extraordinary!"

Blood Refiner King sighed in his heart and replied: "Master, I only have Dragon Soul Grass and Feather Spirit Gold Water. Nirvana Soil is on Phoenix Mountain; my former strength couldn't enter there."

"Having Dragon Soul Grass and Feather Spirit Gold Water is good, but the effect of the pill might be a bit worse."

Mo Qingyun sighed slightly and felt somewhat regretful.

If there was Nirvana Soil, after Blood Refiner King took the pill, his cultivation could directly recover to Pill Store Realm.

"Alchemize!"

Blood Refiner King's eyes lit up and asked in surprise: "Master, can you alchemize? What kind of pill are you going to make?"

"Mo Qingyun said calmly: "It's a weakened version of the Great Harmony Fusion Blood Pill."

"Sss! A weakened version of the Great Harmony Fusion Blood Pill!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, Blood Refiner King was greatly surprised and looked at him with burning eyes.

The Great Harmony Fusion Blood Pill, this was a high-level pill that only a Pill King could make.

Now Mo Qingyun was going to alchemize a weakened version of it.

Could it be that Mo Qingyun is the reincarnation of a Pill King?

Otherwise, how could he alchemize such a level of pill?

As for a fifteen or sixteen-year-old Pill King, Blood Refiner King wouldn't believe it even if he was hit.

At this moment, Blood Refiner King's heart was filled with excitement and his resentment weakened somewhat.

In his view, it wasn't so shameful to have a Pill King reincarnated as his master.

Then Mo Qingyun took out the Crimson Flame Cauldron and began alchemizing, putting one by one the spiritual herbs into the cauldron.

Now that Mo Qingyun's soul cultivation had reached Soul Form Realm, his soul power intensity increased greatly, and his alchemy skills improved accordingly.

He could勉强 (barely) alchemize this weakened version.

As Mo Qingyun started alchemy, Blood Refiner King was completely stunned by his alchemy techniques.

Waterfly Touch Hand!

Divine Beast Cauldron Hand,

Hundred Birds Chirping Hand,

...

In a short while, Mo Qingyun consecutively displayed over ten alchemy techniques, one more mysterious than the other.

Later ones were so complex that Blood Refiner King couldn't recognize them, leaving him greatly surprised.

He was sure that Mo Qingyun must be the reincarnation of a great master, otherwise he wouldn't have such abilities.

But who this great master was, Blood Refiner King wasn't very clear about it.

After several hours,

Blood Refiner King exclaimed in surprise: "Master, the Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array has been completed."

At this moment, the Ten Thousand Corpses Blood Refinement Array was completely refined into a purple-black blood crystal.

"Hmm!"

After hearing this, Mo Qingyun nodded and took a pill to recover his true qi before continuing alchemy.

After several more hours,

A fragrant aroma came from the cauldron, indicating that the pill was done.

Then Mo Qingyun opened the cauldron and saw a red pill quietly lying inside.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun took out the pill and threw it to Blood Refiner King: "First take this pill, then undergo blood rebirth."

"Yes, Master!"

After hearing Mo Qingyun's words, Blood Refiner King took the pill and started to refine it.

As Blood Refiner King refined the pill, a hint of vitality slowly appeared on his red bones.

Then he no longer hesitated and dripped the purple-black blood crystal onto his forehead.

As soon as it landed, a violent power slowly permeated into his bones.

At the same time,

The surrounding heaven and earth essence qi rushed towards Blood Refiner King crazily.

Then, blood flesh gradually formed on his body, making it fuller.

An hour later,

Blood Refiner King's figure finally took shape, transforming into a sixty-year-old man with red hair.

With Blood Refiner King's blood rebirth completed,

His powerful aura immediately manifested.

"Half-step Pill Store Realm!"

Feeling Blood Refiner King's aura, Mo Qingyun showed a look of satisfaction.

Now that he had a Half-step Pill Store Realm powerhouse as his subordinate, it would be much more convenient for him to act.

"I am Qu煉 (Qu Lian), your servant. Thank you, Master, for giving me a second chance."

Blood Refiner King knelt half-way in front of Mo Qingyun and bowed respectfully.

"No need for formalities, I just added the finishing touch."

Mo Qingyun waved his hand and said: "My current identity is a young member of the Mo family from a small clan in Beimozhen Town. You can call me Young Master Qingyun."

"Yes, Young Master Qingyun!" Blood Refiner King Qu炼 (Qu Lian) nodded and replied.

"Since that's the case, let's leave here."

Mo Qingyun said calmly and walked towards the exit of the passage.

Chapter 92: Mo Cang is First?()

Not far from outside the ancestral tomb, on a huge platform,

All the young members who left the ancestral tomb were gathered.

"Three days have passed, and the exit of the ancestral tomb is about to close. Why hasn't Qingyun come out yet?" Mo Feipeng said with some worry.

Seeing that the time limit for entering the ancestral tomb had passed and Mo Qingyun hadn't come out yet, they were quite concerned.

Did Mo Qingyun encounter danger in the ancestral tomb and that's why he hasn't come out yet?

"Xin, tell us again what happened when you parted ways with Qingyun."

Mo Yueyu said anxiously.

After hearing this, Mo Xin recounted her experience to everyone again.

Hearing Mo Xin's account,

The Mo family members fell silent, their worried expressions deepening.

Listening to the conversation of Mo Feipeng and others,

Mo Cang smiled maliciously: "There are many powerful ghosts and spirits in the ancestral tomb. For ordinary True Qi Realm cultivators, encountering them is very dangerous."

"When I was at the peak of True Qi Realm First Stage, I found ghosts and spirits very troublesome. It wasn't until my cultivation reached True Qi Realm Second Stage that the situation improved."

Mo Cang said with a proud expression: "From my perspective, Qingyun probably encountered them and fell into danger..."