Watching Mo Xin’s two daughters’ actions, Mo Qingyun felt a wave of helplessness and decided not to explain further.

Previously, he had worried that if the news about him obtaining first place in the Disciple Recruitment Exam of the Alchemy Guild became known to his family, it would cause some trouble.

Now, it seemed that he had overthought; no one believed such a thing would happen.

After all, for the Mo family, a Second Rank Alchemist was too distant to be real.

“Oh, right. I almost forgot to tell you the main reason why I called you.” Mo Xin’s expression turned serious after playing around with Mo Qingyun for a while. “I heard that recently, Mo Hai seems to have had some extraordinary encounters; not only has his injury healed completely, but he also reached the peak of Fifth Tier Body Refinement. During the next monthly trial, his cultivation might break through to Sixth Tier Body Refinement; you should be careful when you encounter him.”

“Mo Hai had extraordinary encounters?” Mo Qingyun was somewhat surprised upon hearing this news, but he did not take it to heart.

Although Sixth Tier Body Refinement was formidable, it could not pose a threat to him.

“Not only that, Mo Hai boasted that during the next monthly trial, if he encounters you, he will break your legs and arms.”

Mo Xiao added with a worried expression, then advised Mo Qingyun, “Qingyun, in my opinion, when you encounter Mo Hai during the next monthly trial, it’s best not to fight him. His strength is really formidable now.”

“Formidable?”

Hearing Mo Xiao’s words, a playful smile appeared on the corner of Mo Qingyun’s mouth. He did not take Mo Hai seriously.

However, to ease the minds of Mo Xiao and Mo Xin, he smiled faintly and replied, “Yes, I will be careful.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s response, the two girls felt relieved and sighed with relief.

After that, Mo Xin and Mo Xiao chatted with Mo Qingyun for a while before leaving one after another.

However, when Mo Xiao left, she seemed hesitant to say something more.

In the end, she did not speak and left with Mo Xin.

“During the next monthly trial, he will break my legs and arms?”

After Mo Xiao left, Mo Qingyun recalled her words with a playful smile on his lips.

Subsequently, Mo Qingyun did not slack off and took out an Essence Refinement Pill to swallow it before entering cultivation again.

Although he did not take the next monthly trial seriously, he was cautious about the year-end clan competition.

Mo Cang was not like Mo Hai; his cultivation had already reached Ninth Tier Body Refinement, and he might reach Tenth Tier during the year-end clan competition.

With only two months left until the end of the year, time was pressing and he could not afford any slack.

Chapter 28: You’re Not Smitten With Me, Right?()

After Mo Xiao and Mo Xin left, they did not come over for several days. They were probably refining Essence Refinement Pills.

Mo Qingyun did not think much about it and immersed himself in cultivation.

Five days later.

The few Essence Refinement Pills Mo Qingyun had left were all refined and absorbed within these days.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun, who was meditating with his eyes closed, suddenly opened them and his aura surged.

Sixth Tier Body Refinement!

After these days of cultivation, he finally broke through to Sixth Tier Body Refinement.

“Finally broken through to Sixth Tier Body Refinement!”

The breakthrough in cultivation filled Mo Qingyun with joy. He thought, “There’s still a month before the monthly trial; perhaps I have an opportunity to break through Seventh Tier Body Refinement before the monthly trial.”

Seventh Tier Body Refinement was a watershed in the Body Refinement realm. Once one’s cultivation broke through Seventh Tier, inner strength would condense within the body, greatly increasing their power.

“However, I have used up all my medicinal pills now; I need to refine some more.”

With this thought, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and took out the Crimson Flame Cauldron to start refining medicinal pills.

“At my current strength, I can try refining Third Tier medicinal pills.” Mo Qingyun thought to himself.

Then, he took out various herbs and spirit medicines one by one. Even the Third Tier Spirit Medicine Fire Lotus Golden Branch was taken out.

This time, he planned to try refining a Third Tier medicinal pill, the Whirlwind Pill.

The Whirlwind Pill was a powerful medicinal pill that not only refined the body but also increased the speed of condensing inner strength.

Seeing everything was ready, Mo Qingyun began refining the Whirlwind Pill.

He lit a fire, melted and refined the herbs, purified them, fused them together, and formed the pill.

After several days, a rich fragrance of medicinal pills spread from within the Crimson Flame Cauldron.

This was a sign that the refining had succeeded.

The Whirlwind Pill was formed!

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun’s expression brightened. He opened the cauldron and took out the Whirlwind Pill.

Seven pills, all of them Third Tier Middle Rank quality.

“Seven pills, Third Tier Middle Rank.”

Looking at the Whirlwind Pills in his hand, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly. He was satisfied with this harvest: “The quality is a bit lacking, but it’s still acceptable.”

“Now that the Whirlwind Pill has been refined successfully, I should continue cultivating.”

Subsequently, Mo Qingyun took a Whirlwind Pill and continued his cultivation.

As soon as the Whirlwind Pill entered Mo Qingyun’s body, it transformed into pure medicinal power and dispersed throughout his body.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and immediately began refining and absorbing the medicinal power.

As he refined and absorbed the Whirlwind Pill, his body’s strength was enhanced once again under its influence.

Moreover, he noticed that a stream of inner strength seemed to be forming within his body.

This was an inner strength fine stream. Under the influence of the Whirlwind Pill, his body began to condense inner strength.

Although this fine stream was still weak, it indicated that he had steadily progressed towards Seventh Tier Body Refinement.

“Once I condense an inner strength vortex, I can break through to Seventh Tier Body Refinement!”

Realizing this, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and cultivated even harder.

A day later, the medicinal power of the Whirlwind Pill was completely absorbed by Mo Qingyun.

After absorbing all the medicinal power, he found that the inner strength fine stream within his body had grown a bit.

Of course, it was still some distance from condensing an inner strength vortex, but Mo Qingyun was not in a hurry.

He believed that after refining all seven Whirlwind Pills, he would have the capital to break through Seventh Tier Body Refinement.

“Qingyun, are you there?”

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was preparing to continue cultivating, a gentle voice came from outside the courtyard.

It was Mo Xiao’s voice. Upon hearing it, Mo Qingyun stopped cultivating and responded, then walked towards the door.

“Mo Xiao, do you need something?”

Seeing the graceful young girl in front of him, Mo Qingyun asked somewhat surprisedly.

“Can’t I just come to see you?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mo Xiao gave him a displeased look and said, “I brought you some snacks.”

Then, she took out various pastries from the food box. The pastries looked good and seemed very tasty.

“Try them!”

Mo Xiao blushed slightly, picked up a pastry, and handed it to Mo Qingyun. She said shyly, “Try them!”

Seeing her expression, she seemed like a young wife making food for the first time.

However, when Mo Qingyun saw her expression, he felt a bit uneasy and thought to himself, “Why is this girl suddenly so nice to me? Could she have taken a fancy to me?”

Although he thought this, Mo Qingyun still responded and sat down. He picked up a pastry to taste it.

“Is it good? Do you like them?”

Seeing this, Mo Xiao asked anxiously.

“Yes, they’re delicious!” Mo Qingyun smiled and nodded in response.

“Then I’ll make them for you every day, okay?”

Mo Xiao asked with a happy expression.

“No… No need!” Seeing Mo Xiao’s look, Mo Qingyun waved his hand and said hastily.

“Hmph! I knew you were just saying that!” Mo Xiao pouted and said with a displeased expression, “You’re just being hypocritical!”

“No… It’s not that. I’m just a bit unaccustomed to you being so nice all of a sudden!” Mo Qingyun explained hastily, then asked curiously, “Hey little girl, are you smitten with me?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mo Xiao blushed and said in a teasing tone, “Pfft, pfft, pfft. I wouldn’t take fancy to you! I just wanted to make some pastries for you as a thank you for the Essence Refinement Pills last time, that’s all. Don’t think too much.”

“Then I’m relieved.” Seeing Mo Xiao say this, Mo Qingyun relaxed and felt at ease.

“Qingyun, what do you mean? Are you upset that I like you?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, Mo Xiao said with displeasure.

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun turned his eyes and smiled awkwardly. “Of course not, it’s just that we are of the same clan; we can’t have feelings for each other.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mo Xiao smiled slyly and said, “Qingyun, I have a secret that I haven’t told you. Actually, I’m not from the Mo family; I was adopted. We don’t have blood ties.”

“Really?”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun’s forehead broke out in cold sweat and he looked at her in shock.

Seeing his expression, Mo Xiao smiled triumphantly. “Haha! I was just kidding you; did you believe it? Wanting me to like you, how nice of you.”

She gave Mo Qingyun a look and said, “I came to ask for your help with something.”

“What is it?”

Mo Qingyun asked.

“I found a cave in Purple Bamboo Mountain, but there are two Iron-Backed Apes guarding it. I can’t get in.” After saying this, Mo Xiao looked at Mo Qingyun and continued, “So… I want you to help me deal with those two Iron-Backed Apes.”

“When?”

Hearing Mo Xiao’s request, Mo Qingyun agreed without hesitation.

Now that his cultivation had broken through again, he wanted to find a way to adapt to his current strength.

Adult Iron-Backed Apes had power comparable to Fifth Tier Body Refinement martial artists, not very strong. Moreover, their defense was powerful and they were resistant to attacks, making them perfect targets.

Therefore, these two Iron-Backed Apes would be the most suitable for him to practice on.

Chapter 29: No Psychological Preparation At All? (Second Update)()

Purple Bamboo Mountain was located to the west of North Desert Town, named for the purple bamboo that grew there.

About an hour later, Mo Qingyun and Mo Xiao arrived at Purple Bamboo Mountain.

Upon arriving at Purple Bamboo Mountain, Mo Qingyun noticed that there were quite a few young people from other clans on the mountain.

Seeing these people, Mo Qingyun looked puzzled and asked, “Why are there so many people on Purple Bamboo Mountain?”

“Purple Bamboo Mountain was originally a volcano. The soil is formed from underground lava, extremely fertile, so it’s easy for medicinal herbs and spirit medicines to grow here. That’s why many people come here hoping to find some spirit medicines.”

Mo Xiao explained with a faint smile.

“Oh, I see!”

After Mo Xiao’s explanation, Mo Qingyun understood immediately.

Then, he and Mo Xiao headed towards the depths of Purple Bamboo Mountain.

Not long after, Mo Qingyun and Mo Xiao arrived at a cliff in the depths of Purple Bamboo Mountain.

At this moment, Mo Xiao’s expression brightened as she pointed excitedly at the rock wall in front of them. “It’s right there, that’s the cave I was talking about.”

“Let’s go take a look.”

Mo Qingyun nodded and walked ahead.

Soon, Mo Qingyun and Mo Xiao arrived at the entrance of the cave. They examined it carefully.

The cave was not large, barely accommodating three people to enter together.

Perhaps because no one had lived there for a long time, the dilapidation and disorder inside could be faintly seen from the entrance.

“Be careful. The Iron-Backed Apes are nearby. Last time, they came over as soon as I got close.”

Upon reaching the entrance of the cave, Mo Xiao reminded Mo Qingyun softly.

“Okay!”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun nodded and cautiously approached the entrance of the cave.

Thump thump thump…

As Mo Qingyun and Mo Xiao approached the entrance of the cave, a series of hurried footsteps came from not far away.

Then, Mo Qingyun saw two huge black and sturdy figures rushing towards them.

These two towering dark figures were the Iron-Backed Apes Mo Xiao mentioned.

“Huh? These two Iron-Backed Apes seem to have darker skin and a stronger aura than usual.”

Looking at the two large figures approaching, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly with surprise.

The appearance of these two Iron-Backed Apes seemed somewhat different from what he had imagined.

Realizing this, Mo Qingyun felt a bit puzzled and thought to himself, “These two Iron-Backed Apes seem to have undergone some mutations. Their strength seems stronger than normal Iron-Backed Apes, making them a bit troublesome to deal with.”

Then, Mo Qingyun’s expression became more serious as he said to Mo Xiao, “Be careful next. The strength of these two Iron-Backed Apes is not just the surface Fifth Tier Body Refinement.”

“Okay!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s reminder, Mo Xiao nodded with a serious expression.

Squeak…

Seeing the two uninvited guests, the Iron-Backed Apes angrily roared.

Then, they moved and rushed towards Mo Qingyun and Mo Xiao, raising their large palms to fiercely strike them.

When the two Iron-Backed Apes attacked, they displayed a powerful aura that was not just Fifth Tier Body Refinement.

Sixth Tier Body Refinement, the strength of these two Iron-Backed Apes had reached Sixth Tier Body Refinement.

“W-what? How could these two Iron-Backed Apes have reached Sixth Tier Body Refinement?”

The sudden change made Mo Xiao lose her composure and forget to resist in panic.

“Be careful!”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun immediately warned Mo Xiao and used the Shadow Step to flash towards her. He grabbed her waist and hugged her, narrowly avoiding the Iron-Backed Apes’ attack.

Hugged by Mo Qingyun, Mo Xiao regained her senses and blushed. She said guiltily, “Qingyun, I’m sorry. I didn’t know these two Iron-Backed Apes had reached Sixth Tier Body Refinement.”

Seeing Mo Xiao’s guilty expression, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and said indifferently, “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of it.”

“Take care of it?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mo Xiao was momentarily puzzled and did not understand his meaning.

But before she could react, Mo Qingyun had already taken a step forward and rushed towards the two Iron-Backed Apes.

“Qingyun, don’t go over there. Those two Iron-Backed Apes…”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, Mo Xiao immediately shouted worriedly.

“Ninefold Collapse”

But before she could finish her sentence, Mo Qingyun raised his fist and punched one of the Iron-Backed Apes.

Bang!

Then, Mo Xiao saw that the Iron-Backed Ape was sent flying by Mo Qingyun’s punch.

“This… How could this be? Iron-Backed Apes are Sixth Tier Body Refinement, how can they…”

Seeing this scene, Mo Xiao was momentarily stunned and felt her mind boggled.

An Iron-Backed Ape with Sixth Tier Body Refinement strength was actually sent flying by Mo Qingyun’s punch.

This meant that Mo Qingyun at least had Sixth Tier Body Refinement strength.

“Sixth Tier Body Refinement! Qingyun’s cultivation has reached Sixth Tier Body Refinement!”

This thought made Mo Xiao even more shocked. Her chest rose and fell rapidly.

Looking at Mo Qingyun, her eyes changed slightly as if she did not recognize him anymore.

She clearly remembered that during the monthly trial a few days ago, Mo Qingyun’s cultivation was just entering Fourth Tier Body Refinement.

But now, in a short ten days, Mo Qingyun’s cultivation had reached Sixth Tier Body Refinement.

In just over a week, his cultivation advanced two levels. This was too shocking.

If she had not seen it with her own eyes, she would never have believed it.

Someone could advance two levels in cultivation within ten days. This was too unbelievable.

Bang!

At this moment, as Mo Xiao was shocked, the other Iron-Backed Ape was also knocked down by Mo Qingyun’s punch.

Seeing these two Iron-Backed Apes, whose strength was comparable to Sixth Tier Body Refinement, being easily dealt with by Mo Qingyun in a short moment,

Mo Xiao did not know what to say. She looked at the approaching Mo Qingyun, stammered for a while and said, “You… You’re really extraordinary.”

“Extraordinary?”

Hearing Mo Xiao’s words, Mo Qingyun looked aggrieved and said somewhat dejectedly, “Isn’t that so? I kindly helped you by dealing with these two Iron-Backed Apes, and this is how you thank me?”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s dejected expression, Mo Xiao blushed and said somewhat embarrassedly, “Who… Who made you so strong all of a sudden? It caught me off guard.”

“So strong? Caught off guard?”

Chewing on Mo Xiao’s words, Mo Qingyun felt somewhat speechless. These words could easily be misinterpreted.

“Let’s go inside and take a look.”

After giving a faint smile, Mo Qingyun did not say much more. He said to Mo Xiao and walked towards the cave.

Seeing this, Mo Xiao did not hesitate and followed him into the cave.

Chapter 30: Crush His Below!()

As soon as they entered the cave, Mo Qingyun felt a wave of heat hit him.

“Such intense flame power.”

Realizing this, Mo Qingyun frowned and felt surprised.

He was more curious about the interior of the cave and quickened his pace.

As they delved deeper into the cave, Mo Qingyun felt that the heat became even more intense.

Under this wave of heat, Mo Xiao’s face turned pale.

From her expression, she seemed to have reached the limit of resisting the heat.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun smiled and said, “Why don’t you go out first? I’ll take a look inside.”

“Okay!”

Hearing this, Mo Xiao did not insist and nodded before returning outside the cave.

Then, Mo Qingyun entered the cave alone.

Not long after, Mo Qingyun saw a stone room inside the cave.

The room was very simple, with only one stone bed, one stone table, and a few stone chairs.

A skeleton was sitting on the stone bed; it should be the owner of the room.

Beside the skeleton, there was a乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag) and a sword-shaped jade pendant. After seeing this, Mo Qingyun walked over.

“Tomb!”

Picking up the jade pendant and looking at it, Mo Qingyun saw an ancient character for “Tomb” engraved on it.

In addition to this, Mo Qingyun clearly felt a strong fluctuation of soul power when he picked up the jade pendant.

“Soul power fluctuations?”

Realizing this, Mo Qingyun frowned and speculated, “This small sword jade pendant seems to have a nontrivial origin.”

Then, Mo Qingyun examined the small sword jade pendant carefully and found no other abnormalities. He put it in his pocket.

Next, Mo Qingyun picked up the乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag) and opened it to check.

Inside were some ore and sword blanks. Seeing this, Mo Qingyun felt somewhat disappointed.

If he had been a master craftsman in his previous life, these materials might have been helpful to him.

However, now they were not very useful to him.

From the current situation, it seemed that the cave’s owner was a master craftsman in his lifetime.

Subsequently, Mo Qingyun searched around the stone room but found nothing else. He then left the room.

After leaving the room, Mo Qingyun continued to delve deeper into the cave, where the heat was coming from.

As he delved further, the heat inside the cave became even more intense and violent.

Under this wave of heat, Mo Qingyun clearly felt pain on his skin.

Fortunately, just as he was about to endure it no longer, he finally reached the bottom of the cave.

There was another stone room here, with a large furnace inside. It should have been used by the cave’s owner for forging.

What surprised Mo Qingyun was that next to the furnace, there was a huge pool of molten rock.

At this moment, the red molten rock in the pool was boiling like hot water, constantly rolling and bubbling.

The heat inside the cave came from this pool of molten rock.

“This place is very suitable for forging.”

After glancing at the pool of molten rock, Mo Qingyun felt impressed by the cave’s owner. He really knew how to choose a place.

Forging here would indeed be twice as effective.

“Huh! What’s this?”

At this moment, while Mo Qingyun was marveling at the place, he suddenly noticed that there were red crystal-like objects next to the pool of molten rock.

Then, Mo Qingyun approached and picked up one of the red crystal-like objects.

As soon as it entered his hand, Mo Qingyun felt a pure flame power emanating from the red crystal-like object.

Feeling this flame power, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed and he exclaimed in surprise, “These are earth core fire crystals. I never expected to encounter such good things here.”

Earth Core Fire Crystals, like琉璃石乳 (Luli Stone Milk), were both formed over a long period of time and are considered heavenly spirit objects.

However, the environment for forming Earth Core Fire Crystals was more perilous than that of琉璃石乳 (Luli Stone Milk).

Therefore, Earth Core Fire Crystals were more precious and rare than琉璃石乳 (Luli Stone Milk).

Then, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and started collecting the Earth Core Fire Crystals in front of him.

After a moment, all the Earth Core Fire Crystals near the pool of molten rock were collected by Mo Qingyun.

A total of twenty-three Earth Core Fire Crystals, this harvest made Mo Qingyun ecstatic.

With these Earth Core Fire Crystals, he could awaken his Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon Martial Soul earlier.

Then, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and left the cave.

Outside the cave.

Mo Xiao followed Mo Qingyun’s suggestion and returned outside to wait for him.

At this moment, as she waited for Mo Qingyun outside the cave, she saw several young men in their late teens rushing towards her.

“Brother Song Chen, the cave I told you about is not far ahead.”

As these young men approached, one of them said.

Soon, the group arrived outside the cave.

Seeing Mo Xiao outside the cave, these young men all looked surprised and scanned her with their eyes.

“Unexpectedly, there’s a beauty outside the cave!”

Seeing Mo Xiao’s delicate face and well-proportioned figure, these young men all smiled lecherously.

Seeing their expressions, Mo Xiao’s expression tightened with fear and she backed away subconsciously.

Noticing her actions, the young men’s smug expressions became even more prominent and their gazes became more unrestrained.

“Beauty, did you just come out of the cave?”

At this moment, one of these young men said to Mo Xiao with a lecherous smile.

“What do you want?”

Mo Xiao’s expression tightened and she said nervously, “What are you going to do with me?”

“We found this cave a long time ago. You entered our cave and stole our things, what do you think we should do?”

This young man smiled lecherously again and said to Mo Xiao, “Brother Song Lei, don’t scare the beauty.”

“Brother Song Chen, and us!”

Hearing Song Chen’s words, the others looked at him with drooling expressions.

Upon hearing their words, Song Chen smiled lecherously and said, “Right, I’ll correct that. You have to please all of us.”

“You… you’re shameless!”

Hearing Song Chen’s words, Mo Xiao’s face turned pale and she pointed at them and scolded.

As Mo Xiao was scolding Song Chen and the others, Mo Qingyun came out of the cave. Seeing Mo Xiao’s angry expression, he asked, “Xiao Xiao, what happened?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s question, Mo Xiao blushed and said shyly.

Seeing her expression and the lecherous gaze of these young men, Mo Qingyun guessed what had happened.

Then, he said coldly to them, “You all come over and bow to apologize, then leave!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, these young men all looked surprised at his performance.

“What? This kid actually asked us to bow and apologize, did I hear that right?”

“This kid’s aura is only Sixth Tier Body Refinement. Does he think he can deal with us just by that?”

“We think this kid is trying to save face in front of the beauty, suffering for it.”

After a brief moment of surprise, these young men all looked disdainful and sneered.

Then, Song Chen’s expression darkened as he said to the others, “Song Lei, you all give this kid a good beating. Crush his below so he can’t stand up for the rest of his life.”

“Okay!”

Hearing Song Chen’s words, Song Lei and the others responded and sneered as they walked towards Mo Qingyun.

“Crush his below?”

Hearing Song Chen and the others’ words, Mo Qingyun’s gaze towards them became even colder.