“Head towards the Hundred Nations Battlefield!”

At Mo Qingyun’s words, Chih Lian’s eyes lit up with excitement. He was eagerly anticipating the journey.

In the Hundred Nations Battlefield, his cultivation would surely soar and his strength rapidly recover.

Compared to Chih Lian’s anticipation, the others present were filled with worry.

The Hundred Nations Battlefield was too chaotic and dangerous for them. They were concerned that Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian would encounter various dangers within.

Then, Mo Hongtian said with a worried expression, “Qingyun, I heard that the Hundred Nations Battlefield is extremely perilous. Are you really going there?”

“Mm-hmm!”

Mo Qingyun nodded and said solemnly, “Often times, danger and opportunity coexist. As the saying goes, one must enter a tiger’s den to catch its cub. For others, the Hundred Nations Battlefield may be a perilous place, but for me, it could be the turning point to change our current situation.”

“However…”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, everyone still looked worried and wanted to persuade him further.

But before they could speak, Mo Qingyun interrupted them, saying, “Rest assured. Chih Lian and I will be careful. Also, don’t forget that I have many trump cards up my sleeve. Furthermore, Chih Lian’s comprehension of the realm is extremely high; no one at his level can be his match. So, we will definitely be fine.”

“Since that’s the case, we won’t persuade you further. But do take care of yourselves.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s words, Mo Hongtian and the others stopped their persuasion and only gave him a few concerned instructions.

After that, Mo Qingyun conversed with the others for a while before bidding farewell and leaving the Jade Pavilion with Chih Lian.

After saying goodbye, Mo Qingyun did not leave the Jade Pavilion immediately.

Instead, he and Chih Lian went to a secluded place at the back mountain of the Jade Pavilion.

At this moment, Chih Lian frowned slightly and said with some worry, “Young Master, there are many people from the Du family guarding outside the Jade Pavilion. If we leave like this, it might attract their attention.”

“Don’t worry about that; I have a way.”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly, reassuring Chih Lian before he began to act.

The Teleportation Gate appears!

As Mo Qingyun spoke, he activated the second soul technique of his Light Door Soul—Teleportation Gate.

Then, a vortex light gate appeared before Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian.

“This… This is?”

Seeing the Light Door Soul, Chih Lian’s expression changed and he looked shocked.

With his discerning eyes, he could tell that the vortex light gate before him was a Teleportation Gate.

To carry a teleportation door with oneself, this was too terrifying!

If Chih Lian knew that this was Mo Qingyun’s soul technique, he would have had a different thought.

After this discovery, Chih Lian looked at Mo Qingyun with more reverence in his eyes.

“Young Master’s true identity is definitely not simple!”

At this moment, Chih Lian was more certain about his previous guesses. His resolve to follow Mo Qingyun became even firmer.

Chih Lian felt that following Mo Qingyun, perhaps his achievements in this life could surpass his previous peak and reach a higher realm.

“Let’s go inside!”

Seeing Chih Lian in a daze, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly at him.

“Yes!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chih Lian no longer hesitated and entered the vortex light gate.

Seeing Chih Lian enter, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate either and entered the vortex light gate.

Whoosh!

Then, Chih Lian and Mo Qingyun’s vision blurred as they appeared in another place.

This place was not unfamiliar to Mo Qingyun; it was the Black Gold Mountain where he had previously honed his martial skills.

“Let’s go!”

Seeing that they were at Black Gold Mountain, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and instructed Chih Lian before walking forward.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, Chih Lian hurriedly followed and walked with him towards the Hundred Nations Battlefield.

Thus, Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian began to rush towards their destination.

A few days later, they arrived at a city.

This city was the Spring Yang City that Mo Qingyun had passed through when he entered the Cremascent Heaven Sect ruins.

“Spring Yang City, I didn’t expect to come here again!”

Looking at the Spring Yang City before him, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly with a playful expression.

There seemed to be some matters here that he had not resolved before.

...

“Let’s go in!”

After sizing up the Spring Yang City, Mo Qingyun gestured to Chih Lian and entered the city.

Hearing this, Chih Lian nodded and followed Mo Qingyun into the city.

Upon returning to Spring Yang City, Mo Qingyun’s heart involuntarily felt a bit more sentimental.

After walking around in Spring Yang City for a while, a restaurant called Fragrant View Tower caught Mo Qingyun’s attention.

“Let’s go in and have a seat.”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and entered Fragrant View Tower.

Entering Fragrant View Tower, seeing that the main hall was full, Mo Qingyun went up to the second floor.

On the second floor of Fragrant View Tower, Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian found a quiet spot to sit down and ordered some wine and dishes.

After a while, an old man and a young girl walked over to them.

The two were dressed simply. The old man held a erhu, and the young girl carried a pipa.

“Sir, would you like to order a song?”

After reaching Mo Qingyun’s side, the young girl looked at him with pleading eyes and asked.

Upon learning their intentions, Mo Qingyun was slightly taken aback. He had never encountered such a thing in an inn before.

After some thought, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and said, “Alright then.”

“Thank you, sir!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the young girl’s face lit up with joy and she thanked him.

Then, the two began to play and sing.

The young girl’s voice was pleasant, her singing sweet and enchanting like a heavenly melody.

As the young girl sang, the dishes Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian had ordered were served one after another. Seeing this, they began to eat.

Listening to the small tune while eating, Mo Qingyun suddenly felt that this was quite pleasant.

“Seems like we should order a small tune when eating in the future.” Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and joked with Chih Lian.

“Haha!”

Chih Lian responded with a faint smile, “If Young Master likes it, I can arrange some singing girls for you in the future.”

“No need to be so troublesome.”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun waved his hand and said, “This kind of thing is best when it happens unexpectedly.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chih Lian nodded in understanding and did not continue speaking.

“Come here, you two. Our young master also wants a small tune.”

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian were enjoying themselves, a coarse voice interrupted their leisure.

The speaker was a burly middle-aged man at the table next to them. Seated in front of him was a young noble dressed luxuriously, looking at the girl with a lecherous smile.

“Little beauty, I want to order a love song. Sing it for me right away.”

The young noble smiled lecherously at the girl and scanned her body with lustful eyes.

Seeing this, the girl’s face turned pale with fear.

She was familiar with such a scene. If nothing unexpected happened, this young noble would definitely have ill intentions towards her.

People like them, without any status and making a living by singing on the streets, were most afraid of such young nobles.

A moment’s carelessness and they would be toyed with by these young nobles, ending up losing their virtue and shame.

As the girl and old man were panicked, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and looked at the young noble with some disdain.

The pleasant atmosphere was ruined by this young noble’s actions, which made him feel somewhat displeased.

As Mo Qingyun was displeased, the old man playing music glanced at him and said to the young noble, “This… this young master, sorry! The song for this gentleman has not finished yet. We can’t sing for you now.”

After saying that, the old man glanced at Mo Qingyun’s expression and continued, “How about we sing for you after finishing the song for this gentleman?”

Hearing the old man’s words, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and looked at him with a cold gaze.

The old man’s answer seemed unremarkable, but upon careful consideration, one could discover that he was diverting the trouble.

The old man wanted to shift the young noble’s attention onto Mo Qingyun, creating some enmity between them.

If Mo Qingyun was not strong enough and the young noble’s enmity was stirred up, it would be a troublesome matter.

Most importantly, Mo Qingyun did not like being used in such a way; it felt as if he was being manipulated.

Then, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened and he said to the old man, “You go sing for him. Just leave her here.”

As Mo Qingyun spoke, he pointed at the girl beside them, meaning that the old man should sing for the young noble while leaving the girl behind.

“This… this is not right!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the old man looked pained and responded, “Sir, this is not right. There’s no such way of singing…”

“Is that so?” Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and said, “Since that’s the case, continue singing for me.”

“This… this is not right!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the old man looked pained and did not know how to respond. He glanced at the young noble.

His action was clearly indicating that it was not him who did not want to sing for the young noble, but Mo Qingyun did not allow it.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened even more. This old man was too crafty.

He was always thinking of using others as pawns, and Mo Qingyun had already raised a bit of killing intent towards him.

At this moment, as the old man looked pained, the young girl suddenly gathered her courage and said to the young noble, “Young master, I don’t know how to sing the song you ordered. Also, if you want to listen to a tune, please wait until we finish singing for this gentleman…”

“Xiao Ya, stop talking!”

Hearing the girl’s words, the old man’s expression changed and he looked frightened as he interrupted her.

Seeing that the old man had interrupted him, the girl looked stubborn and said angrily, “Grandpa, you always taught me to be honest and have principles. How can you do this now? It’s clearly…”

“You…!”

Hearing the girl’s words, the old man’s face darkened and he interrupted her, wanting to scold her.

“Humph!”

But before the old man could speak, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened and he said coldly, “Old man, it’s better to have principles. Also, don’t treat others as fools and use them as a shield. Think about whether you can bear the retaliation if discovered. I’ll spare your life today for your granddaughter’s sake.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the old man’s face turned pale and beads of cold sweat appeared on his forehead. He knelt before Mo Qingyun, thanking him, “Thank you for sparing my life, sir.”

Seeing the old man’s actions, Mo Qingyun did not bother to argue with him and smiled faintly at the girl, “Continue singing. Don’t mind others.”

As Mo Qingyun spoke, he did not even look at the young noble as if he didn’t exist.

Seeing that Mo Qingyun ignored him, the young noble’s expression darkened and he said angrily, “Boy, you don’t seem to understand the situation. Wanting to compete with me for something, are you sure your head is strong enough?”

Hearing the young noble’s words, Mo Qingyun narrowed his eyes and said coldly to him, “Talking to me like that, are you sure your head is strong enough?”

“Wow, this is really new.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the young noble was taken aback for a moment and then smiled disdainfully. He said arrogantly, “Boy, are you from out of town? Do you know my identity? I’m Zhou Honghui, a direct-line grandson of the Zhou family in Spring Yang City. Do you know what will happen if you offend me?”

“No idea!”

Knowing Zhou Honghui’s identity, Mo Qingyun’s smile grew even wider as he responded.

...

“Boy, let me tell you. In Spring Yang City, those who offend me have a very miserable end.”

Zhou Honghui raised his head arrogantly and said to Mo Qingyun, “If I’m displeased with you, I have a hundred ways to make it so that you can’t stay in Spring Yang City.”

“Is that so?”

Mo Qingyun’s smile grew even wider, looking at the self-important Zhou Honghui as if he were a monkey.

Not only Mo Qingyun, but Chih Lian also looked at Zhou Honghui with a mocking smile as if he were watching a performing monkey.

Their trip to Spring Yang City was originally to resolve some previous troubles. They hadn’t gone looking for the other party, but now the other party had come to them.

“Humph! Boy, you realize this too late!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s words, Zhou Honghui thought that Mo Qingyun was afraid and his expression became even more arrogant. “Considering you’re from out of town, I’ll show mercy today. If you kneel and apologize to me now, I’ll spare your life.”

After saying that, Zhou Honghui picked up a stool and sat on it with his legs crossed, waiting for Mo Qingyun to kneel and apologize.

His demeanor was extremely arrogant.

However, as Zhou Honghui waited for Mo Qingyun to apologize, a terrifying aura suddenly pressed towards him.

Bang!

Under the pressure of this aura, Zhou Honghui was directly flattened on the ground and ate some dust.

The one who emitted this aura was naturally Chih Lian, but under Mo Qingyun’s instructions, he did not use too much force.

Pfft pfft pfft…

Zhou Honghui spat out saliva and looked at Mo Qingyun with fear, no longer showing his previous arrogance.

He was certain that the two in front of him were definitely at least middle-stage Core Formation realm cultivators.

Even if he was a direct-line descendant of the Zhou family, he could not easily offend such people.

Because with his status in the Zhou family, they would not risk offending a middle-stage Core Formation realm cultivator for him.

Thinking of this, Zhou Honghui looked at Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian with fear and pleaded, “Senior, I didn’t recognize your greatness. Please be magnanimous and spare my life.”

Seeing Zhou Honghui’s actions, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and asked him, “Just now, didn’t you want me to kneel?”

“No… no, this was a misunderstanding,” Zhou Honghui said as he knelt before Mo Qingyun and shook his head, denying it.

“So?”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and looked at Zhou Honghui. “Speaking of which, I have some connections with your Zhou family. Do you have someone named Zhou Tao in the Zhou family?”

“Zhou Tao!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Zhou Honghui’s eyes lit up and he said excitedly, “Senior, you know Brother Zhou Tao. That’s great! He is a genius in the Zhou family.”

At this moment, Zhou Honghui seemed to forget his fear and gestured excitedly at Mo Qingyun. “Senior, why don’t you come with me to the Zhou family? I’ll have Brother Zhou Tao personally entertain you. I believe he will be very happy to know that senior has come.”

“Very happy?”

Hearing Zhou Honghui’s words, Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian’s expressions changed slightly, becoming somewhat strange.

They didn’t know if the Zhou family would be happy to see them, but they were sure it would be shocking and unexpected.

After some thought, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and nodded. “Lead the way.”

“Yes!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s nod, Zhou Honghui looked ecstatic and thought to himself, “I’m going to make it big this time. I didn’t expect that a trip to the inn would lead me to connect with a middle-stage Core Formation realm cultivator. If I can bring him into the Zhou family, my status in the Zhou family will definitely rise sharply. Ha ha… I finally have a chance to turn my fortunes around and become a big shot.”

“That young man has a middle-stage Core Formation realm cultivator as his servant. He’s so powerful.”

“Yes, even the direct-line grandson of the Zhou family is like a servant in front of him.”

“That young man is so handsome. If he looks at me, I would be content to be his concubine.”

“Look at him? Better look at me. At least my figure is tall and fair-skinned.”

...

At this moment, everyone in the inn was marveling.

As people looked at Mo Qingyun with awe, he took out a乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag) and threw it to the girl. “I like your songs.”

“Thank you!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun, the girl became a bit shy and blushed as she thanked him.

Looking at the girl’s nervous expression, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and couldn’t help comparing her to Mo Xiao.

Then he shook his head and walked downstairs.

“Wait a moment!”

As Mo Qingyun was about to go down the stairs, the girl suddenly called out.

“Is there anything else?” Mo Qingyun asked curiously.

“Can I know your name?”

The girl blushed and looked at Mo Qingyun with anticipation, her voice slightly trembling.

“My name is Mo Qingyun,” Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and replied.

After saying that, he walked downstairs, leaving the girl with a firm back view like a sword.

“Mo Qingyun!”

Knowing Mo Qingyun’s name, the girl looked worshipful and tightly held the乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag), biting her lip as if she wanted to remember this name forever.

“Xiao Ya, let’s go.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun leave, the old man called out to the girl and pulled her towards the exit of the inn.

After a while, they came to a secluded place outside the inn.

At this moment, the girl opened the乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag) and found it filled with gold coins, at least several hundred thousand in number.

“So much money!”

Seeing the gold coins, the girl was stunned on the spot. She had never seen so much money before.

Then she said excitedly, “Grandpa, with this money, we no longer need to sing on the streets.”

“That’s right!”

At this moment, the old man was also excited and couldn’t help feeling a bit guilty. He said, “Xiao Ya, I was wrong. People need to have principles. If not for your insistence, we might…”

The old man knew clearly that if Xiao Ya hadn’t spoken up and made Mo Qingyun change his mind, they might have fallen into Zhou Honghui’s hands.

“Grandpa, there are martial arts and medicinal pills in the bag. So many medicinal pills.”

As the old man was marveling, Xiao Ya looked excited and took out several martial arts scrolls from the乾坤袋 (Qian Kun Bag).

“It seems that this senior has a good impression of you.”

The old man looked excited again and said, “Xiao Ya, if you practice these martial arts and use the medicinal pills to improve your cultivation, we won’t need to sing on the streets anymore. Perhaps we will have a chance to take revenge.”

“Yes!”

Hearing the old man’s words, Xiao Ya said determinedly.

Seeing her determination, the old man looked satisfied and nodded. “Xiao Ya, let’s go back.”

“Yes!”

Hearing the old man’s words, Xiao Ya nodded and left with him.

...

“Senior, that is the Zhou family.”

Half an hour later, Zhou Honghui pointed to a magnificent mansion with a smile.

“Yes!”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun nodded and entered the Zhou family with Zhou Honghui.

“Quickly go inform Young Master Zhou Tao that two seniors are looking for him.”

As soon as they entered the Zhou family, Zhou Honghui instructed a servant to inform Young Master Zhou Tao.

After giving instructions to the servant, Zhou Honghui looked at Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian with a smile. “Seniors, please follow me.”

After a while, under Zhou Honghui’s lead, Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian arrived at an elegant courtyard, waiting for Zhou Tao’s arrival.

During the wait, Zhou Honghui instructed servants to bring them good wine and dishes.

After doing this, Zhou Honghui stood respectfully by the side, waiting for Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian’s orders.

Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian did not say much about Zhou Honghui’s actions, only smiling faintly.

In Mo Qingyun’s mind, he thought that when the Zhou family saw this scene, their expressions would be very rich.

...

...

In Zhou Tao’s residence in the Zhou family.

As Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian enjoyed their wine and dishes, a strong aura fluctuation was heard from Zhou Tao’s room.

Zhou Tao’s cultivation was about to break through to the True Essence realm.

As soon as this aura appeared, several figures came to Zhou Tao’s courtyard.

These figures were all middle-stage Core Formation realm elders in the Zhou family, indicating that they valued Zhou Tao very much.

“Tao, you’re great. You are truly a genius of our Zhou family. Your cultivation has broken through to the True Essence realm before you’re twenty.”

“Yes, if our other young ones could make half as much progress as Tao, we would be relieved.”

“Not just relieved, I’d be so happy that my mouth wouldn’t close.”

...

At this moment, all the Zhou family elders were marveling.

After a while, in everyone’s anticipation, Zhou Tao walked out of his room with an excited expression.

True Essence realm. His cultivation had finally broken through to the True Essence realm.

From Qi Essence realm to True Essence realm, Zhou Tao immediately felt that his strength had increased several times over.

At this moment, he almost had a feeling of being invincible.

“Zhou Tao, greetings to the elders!”

As Zhou Tao walked out and saw the elders in his courtyard, he immediately greeted them respectfully.

Seeing Zhou Tao’s humble actions, all the elders smiled with satisfaction and praised him.

Under their encouragement and praise, Zhou Tao couldn’t help feeling a bit proud and his mind became slightly arrogant.

At this moment, as the elders were praising Zhou Tao, a servant ran into the courtyard with an anxious expression.

Seeing the servant rush in, Zhou Tao looked displeased and said coldly, “What’s the hurry? What happened?”

As Zhou Tao spoke, several elders beside him also looked displeased.

Seeing the elders’ expressions, the servant’s face twitched and he said anxiously, “Young Master Zhou Tao, Young Master Honghui told me to inform you that two Core Formation realm seniors are looking for you at the West Courtyard Pavilion. He’s waiting there and wants you to go over as soon as possible.”

“Two Core Formation realm seniors are looking for me?”

Hearing the servant’s words, Zhou Tao looked puzzled and felt a bit confused.

In his memory, he didn’t seem to know any Core Formation realm cultivators?

At this moment, as Zhou Tao was puzzled, one of the elders beside him said seriously, “Tao, regardless of whether you know them or not, they are Core Formation realm seniors. We must take them seriously.”

Another elder urged, “That’s right. Since they specifically asked for you, it must be related to you. Go and see them.”

“Yes!”

Hearing the elders’ words, Zhou Tao nodded and said, “Since that’s the case, I’ll go over.”

Hearing Zhou Tao’s words, all the elders nodded in agreement.

However, as Zhou Tao was about to leave the courtyard, an elder suddenly said, “Everyone, two Core Formation realm seniors have come to our residence. We can’t treat them casually. Since we know about it, let’s go and see them together with Tao.”

“Yes, if we can recruit them into our Zhou family, it will definitely increase our strength.”

After the elder spoke, several other elders nodded in agreement.

Then, all the elders followed Zhou Tao towards the West Courtyard Pavilion.

After a while, they arrived at the West Courtyard Pavilion.

As soon as everyone saw them arrive, Zhou Honghui, who was waiting near Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian, looked excited and greeted them.

“Honghui, greetings to the elders and my cousin Zhou Tao.”

Zhou Honghui greeted everyone respectfully.

“No need for formalities, let’s go and meet the guests.”

One of the elders waved his hand and hurried towards Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian.

“Yes!”

Hearing this, Zhou Honghui did not hesitate and led everyone towards Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian.

However, as they approached and saw the appearance of Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian, some people’s expressions turned grim.

They never expected that the two in front of them were actually the two madmen who had killed many people from their Zhou family.

What was even more unacceptable was that Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian were sitting in the Zhou family’s courtyard, eating and drinking as if they owned it.

This was a kind of disdain towards their Zhou family.

“It’s you two!”

Some elders who recognized Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian looked grim and scolded them.

Seeing this scene, Zhou Honghui was puzzled. “Baiqing Elder, do you know these two seniors?”

“Know them?”

Hearing Zhou Honghui’s words, Zhou Baiqing smiled coldly. “Of course we know them. We can recognize them even if they turn into ashes.”

Hearing Zhou Baiqing’s words, Zhou Honghui felt more puzzled. He vaguely sensed that the atmosphere was a bit off and different from what he had imagined.

At this moment, Zhou Honghui’s side, an elder looked pleased and praised him. “Honghui, you did well this time. You brought them into the family and kept them stable so that we have a chance to deal with them.”

“Well done?”

Hearing the elder’s words, Zhou Honghui was taken aback again and felt even more puzzled.

Although he was puzzled, Zhou Honghui still responded humbly. “Thank you for the praise, Elder Boshan. This is what I should do.”

“Yes!”

Seeing Zhou Honghui’s attitude, Zhou Boshan nodded in satisfaction and waved his hand. “You can go now.”

“Yes!” Zhou Honghui nodded and stepped back.

However, he did not leave too far away but stood to the side quietly watching the scene in front of him.

He wanted to figure out what relationship Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian had with the elders.

At this moment, as Zhou Honghui stepped back, Zhou Tao looked at Mo Qingyun with a cold smile. “Mo Qingyun, didn’t you expect this? Honghui is also from our Zhou family. You came to our Zhou family, and this time we will make it impossible for you to escape.”

“Impossible to escape?”

Hearing Zhou Tao’s words, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly. “Zhou Tao, you’re overthinking it. With your small Zhou family, you can’t keep us here.”

“Big talk!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Zhou Boshan’s expression darkened and he said coldly. “Boy, let me see how you leave today.”

Fierce Tooth Shadow Wolf

As Zhou Boshan spoke, he raised his hand and grabbed at Mo Qingyun. With a grab, he was like a hungry wolf.

The surging essence energy on his body formed an essence wolf shadow, making his attack even more powerful.

“Humph!”

Seeing Zhou Boshan attacking Mo Qingyun, Chih Lian’s expression darkened and he said coldly. He raised his hand and slapped Zhou Boshan.

Bang!

Then everyone saw that under Chih Lian’s slap, the powerful Zhou Boshan was forcefully pressed into the ground and couldn’t move for a long time.

It seemed that he had been disabled by Chih Lian’s attack and lost his combat strength.

“Boshan Elder!”

Seeing Zhou Boshan being pressed into the ground by Chih Lian’s casual slap, everyone’s expressions changed and a sense of fear rose in their hearts.

Zhou Boshan was at the first level of Core Formation realm. Chih Lian could easily disable him, indicating that he was at least middle-stage Core Formation realm.

At least middle-stage!

Discovering this, everyone’s hearts jolted and they were somewhat surprised by Chih Lian’s strength.

However, although they were surprised at Chih Lian’s strength, they did not feel panicked.

Middle-stage Core Formation realm was strong but could still be handled in their Zhou family.

After a brief moment of daze, Zhou Baiqing looked at Chih Lian coldly and said, “I’m surprised that your cultivation has reached the middle-stage Core Formation realm. But if you think you can run wild in our Zhou family, then you’re wrong.”

Zhou Baiqing was also someone who had some dealings with Chih Lian outside the Cremascent Heaven Sect ruins.

“Let’s attack together!”

After Zhou Baiqing spoke, he gestured to the people behind him and then moved his hand towards Chih Lian.

As Zhou Baiqing attacked, the other elders behind him also moved to attack.

Cloud Piercing Palm

Star-Killing Fist

Holy Light Ghost Hand

...

At this moment, various palm shadows and fist energies rushed towards Chih Lian.

“Looking for death!”

Seeing the elders’ attacks, Chih Lian said coldly and raised his hand to slap them.

Then a terrifying aura spread from Chih Lian’s body.

At the same time, a huge essence energy palm shadow condensed in the air above them and pressed down on them.

Bang!

Under the pressure of this palm shadow, all the Zhou family elders were flattened to the ground and couldn’t move for a long time.

One strike, seven or eight Core Formation realm elders were all flattened to the ground and couldn’t move for a long time.

What kind of strength was this?

At this moment, everyone beside them were stunned.

The strength Chih Lian displayed had completely exceeded their understanding.

They never expected that the old man with red hair beside Mo Qingyun was so powerful.