Even if his memory was severely fragmented, he should still have some impression. If he could provide some helpful information, that would be even better.

Upon hearing Mo Qingyun's words, Jiu Gong pondered for a moment and replied, "Young Master, I have some impression of the Black Xuan Valley. It seems to be the residence of the Black Xuan General!"

"Residence of the Black Xuan General?"

Hearing Jiu Gong's whisper, Mo Qingyun showed a look of surprise. He did not expect the owner of this Black Xuan Valley to be someone like Jiu Gong.

If that were the case, then this Black Xuan Valley should not be simple at all. After such a discovery, Mo Qingyun's expectations for the Black Xuan Valley increased even more.

"Lord Young Master, among the eighteen generals of the previous master, the Black Xuan General's strength is quite high. His combat power surpasses that of this old servant."

At this moment, Jiu Gong pondered for a while and then organized his thoughts before continuing, "The Black Xuan General cultivates the Black Xuan Incarnation technique. When cultivated to its peak, it can condense nine external bodies, each with combat power comparable to seventy percent of the master's strength. It is very powerful."

"So formidable!"

Upon hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Mo Qingyun widened his eyes in disbelief.

In an instant, a scene of the main body leading nine external bodies to beat up enemies appeared in his mind.

Jiu Gong continued, "Moreover, if one cultivates the Black Xuan Incarnation technique, in times of danger, they can use their spirit transformation to replace themselves and achieve the effect of a cicada shedding its shell."

"I must obtain this Black Xuan Incarnation technique!"

After listening to Jiu Gong's narration, Mo Qingyun showed an expectant look, clenched his fists tightly, and made a silent resolution in his heart.

In the following days, Mo Qingyun traveled while cultivating to improve his cultivation level.

Ten days later.

In a rather secluded little house, a ten-year-old youth sat solemnly on the ground, frantically absorbing battlefield essence energy.

At this moment, the battlefield essence energy around the youth was like a storm, continuously rotating outside his body.

As time passed, the essence energy storm around him grew larger and more powerful. Simultaneously, his aura also became increasingly strong.

After an unknown period of time, the youth's aura suddenly surged and entered a new realm.

His cultivation had broken through!

"True Essence Realm Fifth Level!"

Feeling the thickness of essence energy in his body increase, the youth opened his eyes with a look of joy and some excitement.

This young man was none other than Mo Qingyun, who had left Red Powder City and headed towards the Black Xuan Valley.

During these ten days of travel, with the help of the eightfold time-transference array formation, Mo Qingyun's cultivation level finally improved again.

Afterward, he stabilized his cultivation and then continued on his journey.

"In half a day, I will reach the Black Xuan Valley."

Estimating in his heart, Mo Qingyun had a rough idea of where he was.

After this discovery, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and immediately rushed forward with all his might.

Half a day later.

A pitch-black valley appeared in Mo Qingyun's line of sight, giving him the feeling of being inside a coal mine.

Not only were the rocks in this place black, but even the plants on the mountains were pitch-black.

It seemed like a world of darkness.

After a brief moment of surprise, Mo Qingyun did not think much and directly entered the Black Xuan Valley.

"Stop! This is our Puppet Kingdom's territory. Strangers, leave immediately."

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was about to enter the Black Xuan Valley, a cold voice came from the rocks nearby.

Then, Mo Qingyun saw several youths with indifferent expressions jumping down from the rocks and slowly approaching him.

These youths were not weak, all reaching True Essence Realm Seventh Level. Moreover, each of them had a large figure with copper skin and iron bones beside them.

These figures with copper skin and iron bones should be the puppets!

The strength of these puppets was not weak, even slightly stronger than these youths, almost reaching True Essence Realm Eighth Level.

Upon this discovery, Mo Qingyun's expression changed. He thought to himself, "No wonder the Puppet Kingdom can rank fourth among the Ten Great Kingdoms. It indeed has formidable combat power."

However, although the Puppet Kingdom had strong combat power, Mo Qingyun was not intimidated by them.

After a brief moment of thought, he showed a trace of disdain and said indifferently, "When did the Black Xuan Valley become your Puppet Kingdom's private territory?"

"Hmm?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the youths all changed their expressions and were somewhat surprised by his performance.

A youth of True Essence Realm Fifth Level encountering Puppet Kingdom’s youths of True Essence Realm Seventh Level, yet still dared to speak so arrogantly.

Such a thing was indeed rare.

"Turns out it's this fool. Don't waste words with him, Little Seven, take care of him."

After a brief moment of surprise, one of the youths looked at Mo Qingyun with disdain and instructed his companion.

"Yes, Second Brother!"

Hearing the words of the former, Little Seven nodded and looked at Mo Qingyun with a cold smile. "Kid, if you were me, upon seeing us, you should have run far away instead of staying here to die."

"Die?"

Hearing Little Seven's words, Mo Qingyun curled his lips and showed a trace of cold smile. "Not necessarily. With just you few, you can't do much to me."

"Indeed this fool!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, the disdain on Little Seven’s face deepened. He said impatiently, "Since you are eager to die, I will fulfill your wish."

After Little Seven spoke, he moved the puppet beside him aside and looked at Mo Qingyun with disdain. "To deal with you, I don't even need to use the puppet."

Puppet Shadow

After moving the puppet aside, Little Seven attacked Mo Qingyun with a curved knife that emitted terrifying essence energy.

This essence energy transformed into a humanoid shadow and charged at Mo Qingyun, showing an unyielding posture.

Furnace Sun Mountain-Splitting Saber

Seeing this humanoid shadow, Mo Qingyun's expression darkened. He took out the Fire Silk Saber and slashed at it.

Then, a terrifying saber light burst forth from the Fire Silk Saber, transforming into a fire dragon and charging at the humanoid shadow with lightning speed.

Bang!

Under the attack of the fire dragon saber light, the humanoid shadow was instantly shattered and dissipated in mid-air.

At the same time, the fire dragon saber light continued its momentum towards Little Seven.

Bang!

Another muffled sound echoed as Little Seven was directly hit by the fire dragon saber light, being blasted away and spitting blood.

"Little Seven!"

Seeing this scene, the surrounding people were shocked and rushed towards Little Seven quickly.

This scene was indeed unexpected for them.

They did not expect that the one who would be defeated in a single move was Little Seven, their brother, rather than Mo Qingyun of True Essence Realm Fifth Level.

"Kid, daring to injure our Puppet Kingdom's people, you are looking for death!"

After checking Little Seven’s injuries, the youths all showed a cold expression and were about to attack Mo Qingyun.

Guh guh...

At this moment, as the youths prepared to attack, a horn sound came from inside the Black Xuan Valley.

"It's Prince Eight summoning everyone!"

Hearing this horn sound, the youths’ expressions changed. They said coldly to Mo Qingyun, "Kid, you are lucky this time. Don't let us meet again."

After saying that, they carried Little Seven’s body and rushed into the Black Xuan Valley.

Seeing their actions, Mo Qingyun's expression changed slightly. He showed a look of surprise at this unexpected result.

"Could it be that the Puppet Kingdom discovered something?"

After a brief moment of surprise, Mo Qingyun showed a look of curiosity and followed the Puppet Kingdom’s youths into the valley.

Chapter 233: Yan Qiuyang

After the Puppet Kingdom’s youths left, they rushed into the Black Xuan Valley and soon arrived at a valley.

Seeing the Puppet Kingdom’s youths enter the valley, Mo Qingyun hurriedly followed and entered as well.

Clang clang clang...

After entering the valley, Mo Qingyun heard intense fighting sounds.

"There is a fight! Could it be that it's the Puppet Kingdom’s people?"

Hearing these fighting sounds, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed. He said in surprise, "I wonder which kingdom's people are fighting with the Puppet Kingdom?"

In Mo Qingyun’s view, given the Puppet Kingdom’s formidable strength, those who dared to fight them head-on must be extraordinary.

The Puppet Kingdom ranked fourth among the Ten Great Kingdoms, and its strength was self-evident.

Now that this force could make the Puppet Kingdom issue a distress signal, it must be even more formidable.

Thinking of this, Mo Qingyun showed curiosity and rushed into the valley quickly.

Soon, a scene of intense battle appeared before Mo Qingyun’s eyes.

What surprised Mo Qingyun was that the force fighting with the Puppet Kingdom’s people were not from any single kingdom, but a group of Eye Demons.

These Eye Demons were not weak; most of them were at True Essence Realm Fourth or Fifth Level, with the strongest one reaching True Essence Realm Seventh Level.

"Eye Demons!"

Seeing these Eye Demons, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed. He showed a look of surprise and joy.

He did not expect to see so many Eye Demons here, which proved that Duan Wei had not lied.

"Black Xuan Hall!"

However, when Mo Qingyun’s gaze shifted to the back of these Eye Demons, his expression changed again. He showed a look of shock.

It was the Black Xuan General’s cultivation palace.

Seeing this scene, Mo Qingyun guessed in his heart. "The Puppet Kingdom’s people should be planning to kill these Eye Demons and enter the Black Xuan Hall."

"Prince Eight, we are here!"

As Mo Qingyun was surprised, Little Seven and the others showed respectful expressions as they walked to a youth wearing a golden crown.

The golden-crowned youth saw Little Seven and the others arrive, showing a look of surprise. He asked the injured Little Seven, "Brother Two, why is Brother Seven injured?"

"We encountered a youth of True Essence Realm Fifth Level outside the Black Xuan Valley. While Little Seven was dealing with him, he got injured by a sneak attack."

Saying this, Yan Er showed a look of shame and reported to Prince Eight.

In his view, with their lineup, they were injured by a True Essence Realm Fifth Level youth while dealing with Yan Qiuyang of True Essence Realm Seventh Level.

This was indeed somewhat embarrassing to say out loud.

"True Essence Realm Fifth Level?"

Hearing Yan Er’s words, Prince Eight’s expression changed. A trace of playful smile appeared on his lips.

At this moment, whether intentionally or unintentionally, Yan Qiuyang glanced at Mo Qingyun’s direction.

Seeing Yan Qiuyang's actions, Mo Qingyun felt a stir in his heart. He thought to himself, "Was I discovered?"

However, seeing that Yan Qiuyang did not make any further moves, Mo Qingyun slightly relaxed. He thought to himself that he might have been overly cautious.

"That youth, although only at True Essence Realm Fifth Level, his true strength far exceeds his cultivation level."

Seeing Yan Qiuyang’s surprised expression, the shame on Yan Er's face deepened. "Because we heard your call, we did not continue to chase him and let him escape..."

"The matter of that youth does not need much attention. First, deal with these Eye Demons."

Hearing Yan Er’s words, Prince Eight showed a faint smile and waved his hand. He instructed them to not pay much attention and ordered them to kill the Eye Demons.

"Yes!"

Hearing Prince Eight’s words, Yan Er and the others did not hesitate. They immediately joined in to slaughter the Eye Demons.

After instructing Yan Er and the others, Prince Eight’s expression darkened. He glanced at Mo Qingyun coldly and said, "Kid, daring to move my Yan Qiuyang’s people, I will make you regret coming into this world."

After saying that, Yan Qiuyang did not hesitate. He joined the others in attacking the Eye Demons.

After Yan Qiuyang’s attack, more people arrived and joined the slaughter of the Eye Demons.

With these new arrivals, the originally advantageous Eye Demons soon fell into a disadvantageous position.

Seeing Yan Qiuyang and others fighting the Eye Demons, Mo Qingyun’s lips curled into a faint smile. He said playfully, "Let them fight the Eye Demons for a while first. After they are both weakened, I will reap the benefits."

With this thought in mind, Mo Qingyun showed a faint smile and watched from the side as the Puppet Kingdom’s people fought the Eye Demons.

However, the more he watched, the more surprised Mo Qingyun became. The Puppet Kingdom’s people were very experienced in dealing with Eye Demons, especially Yan Qiuyang.

Facing the Eye Demons’ eye force beams, Yan Qiuyang skillfully controlled his puppets to defend and then personally killed the Eye Demons.

In a short while, several Eye Demons were killed by him. His efficiency was extremely high.

Soon, these Eye Demons, like ordinary demons, were killed by Yan Qiuyang and the others to nearly half.

Seeing this scene, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed again. He thought in his heart, "These people are very strong. With their current combat power, why did the Ten Great Kingdoms lose so many people when dealing with Eye Demons? It’s really strange."

At this moment, a wave of doubt rose in Mo Qingyun's heart.

"Lord Young Master, I seem to sense a familiar aura from Prince Eight Yan Qiuyang!"

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was pondering in his heart, Jiu Gong suddenly said with surprise.

"Oh?"

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Mo Qingyun was startled. He said in surprise, "Do you know his background?"

Jiu Gong pondered for a moment and replied, "I temporarily don’t know. However, if given enough time, I should be able to guess."

Whoosh!

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun and Jiu Gong were talking, a purple light shot out from Yan Qiuyang’s puppet's eyes.

This was an eye force beam!

"Eye Force Beam!"

Seeing this scene, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed. His gaze towards Yan Qiuyang also changed.

Yan Qiuyang's puppet could emit eye force beams, which meant that Yan Qiuyang’s puppets’ eyes were likely derived from Eye Demons.

This implied that Yan Qiuyang knew how to refine Eye Demon bloodline to produce eye force beams.

In other words, Yan Qiuyang and his group were likely hunting Eye Demons to enhance their puppets’ eye force beams.

Upon this discovery, a wave of shock surged in Mo Qingyun’s heart.

He did not expect that someone could refine Eye Demon bloodline to produce eye force beams in this Hundred Kingdom Battlefield.

This was definitely not a good thing for him.

At this moment, Jiu Gong said solemnly to Mo Qingyun, "Lord Young Master, although I cannot guess this person’s background, his background is definitely not simple. You must be cautious of him in the future. He might become your formidable opponent."

"I know that!"

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Mo Qingyun nodded in agreement. He said with a hint of relief, "Fortunately, I came to the Black Xuan Valley and learned about such an existence. This way, I can prepare in advance to guard against him. Otherwise, if I encountered him unexpectedly, it might cause some trouble."

At this moment, Mo Qingyun already regarded Yan Qiuyang as a formidable opponent in his heart. A trace of killing intent arose towards him.

As the saying goes, two tigers cannot coexist on one mountain. Yan Qiuyang and he had the same ability, making it difficult for them to coexist peacefully.

Therefore, in this Hundred Kingdom Battlefield, only one of the two could remain.

"Given Yan Qiuyang’s ability, he must have been hiding during the Ten Great Kingdoms’ battle with Eye Demons?"

Thinking of this, Mo Qingyun’s heart became heavy. His gaze towards Yan Qiuyang also turned colder. He thought to himself, "If that’s the case, Yan Qiuyang must be very patient. Such a person is difficult to deal with."

At this moment, Yan Qiuyang killed several Eye Demons in succession.

Seeing Yan Qiuyang easily kill the Eye Demons, Mo Qingyun sighed inwardly. He thought to himself, "What a fast speed! With Yan Qiuyang’s speed, it won’t be long before these Eye Demons are all slaughtered."

In about a quarter of an hour,

The Eye Demons outside the Black Xuan Hall were all slaughtered by Yan Qiuyang and his group.

What surprised Mo Qingyun was that after killing the Eye Demons, Yan Qiuyang showed a cold smile and looked at him. He said coldly, "Kid, how long are you going to hide? You’ve been watching from the side this whole time. It’s time for you to come out and meet."

"Really discovered!"

Hearing Yan Qiuyang’s words, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed. A trace of surprise arose in his heart.

It seemed that he was not overly cautious earlier, but Yan Qiuyang had discovered him from the beginning.

And this Yan Qiuyang’s patience was indeed terrifying.

Chapter 234: Yan Qiuyang's Strength (Second Update)

Seeing that Yan Qiuyang had discovered him, Mo Qingyun no longer hid. He walked out from behind a black rock and stood in front of the Puppet Kingdom’s people.

"Kid, it's you!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun appear, Yan Er and the others immediately recognized him. They glared at him with a cold expression. "Kid, you have quite the nerve. You injured our Puppet Kingdom’s people and still followed us here. I think you’ve had enough of living."

"You are the one who injured Brother Seven," Yan Qiuyang said in surprise after hearing his companions. He looked at Mo Qingyun with approval and said, "You can seriously injure Brother Seven of True Essence Realm Seventh Level with your True Essence Realm Fifth Level cultivation. You have some talent."

After praising Mo Qingyun, Yan Qiuyang looked at him with a faint smile and said, "I, Yan Qiuyang, am someone who appreciates talent. If you now open your soul and let me plant a soul imprint in it, becoming my soul puppet, I will spare you."

"Soul Puppet!"

Hearing Yan Qiuyang’s words, Mo Qingyun was startled. He showed a look of surprise.

He did not expect that Yan Qiuyang also had the ability to plant soul imprints in others’ souls, similar to his own.

This made Yan Qiuyang even more formidable.

More importantly, with such an ability and still being so low-key, Yan Qiuyang’s patience was indeed terrifying.

This person is difficult to deal with and a formidable enemy!

At this moment, Mo Qingyun gave Yan Qiuyang an evaluation in his heart.

After a brief silence, Mo Qingyun’s lips curled slightly. He responded with a faint smile, "What if I don’t agree?"

"Not agree?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s answer, Yan Qiuyang showed a trace of cold smile. "Kid, I advise you to think carefully. Otherwise, I will have no choice but to kill you and give up such a talented person."

At this moment, as Yan Qiuyang’s words fell, a youth beside him showed an arrogant expression. He said, "Kid, Prince Eight admires your talent. This is your honor. Our Prince Eight has great talents and will achieve great things in the future. Following him is your wisest choice."

"Haha, I’m sorry, but I don’t like being constrained by others!"

Hearing Yan Qiuyang’s threatening words, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and rejected his suggestion again.

"Kid, you saw my many secrets and don’t want to submit to me. In that case, I can no longer spare you."

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s rejection again, Yan Qiuyang’s expression turned cold. He waved his hand at the people beside him and said, "Kill him!"

"Blind-eyed kid, Prince Eight admires you so much, yet you don’t recognize his favor."

Hearing Yan Qiuyang’s order, the people beside him immediately attacked Mo Qingyun. "Since you seek death, we will fulfill your wish!"

"Let’s set up the Spirit Puppet Battle Array and quickly kill this kid. Don’t delay Prince Eight’s important matters."

When these people attacked, they went all out and directly used their puppets to attack Mo Qingyun.

"Planning to use puppets against me?"

Seeing the Puppet Kingdom’s people’s actions, Mo Qingyun’s lips curled involuntarily. He said with a faint smile, "In that case, I will first pull out your fangs!"

Soul Heaven Seal

Then, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and immediately attacked them. He summoned several soul battle seals.

When the soul battle seals were summoned, they rapidly struck into the puppets’ heads under Mo Qingyun’s control.

As the soul battle seals struck into the puppets’ heads, they forcefully wiped out the soul imprints in their minds.

With the soul imprints in their heads wiped out, these puppets no longer obeyed anyone’s control. They instantly became broken metal and stood still.

The Puppet Kingdom’s people, because the soul power left in their puppets’ heads was forcefully dispersed by Mo Qingyun, suffered mental injuries.

With their minds injured, the Puppet Kingdom’s people immediately spat blood and turned pale. They looked at Mo Qingyun in shock.

They did not expect that Mo Qingyun had such a means. This was truly the bane of their Puppet Kingdom.

"Mid Spirit Essence Realm soul cultivation, this kid has such strong soul cultivation!"

After Mo Qingyun displayed the Soul Heaven Seal, Yan Qiuyang’s expression changed. He showed a look of surprise.

He did not expect that Mo Qingyun’s soul cultivation had reached such a level.

After a brief moment of surprise, Yan Qiuyang’s expression turned dark. He said coldly, "I didn’t expect you to be so formidable. Since that’s the case, I will personally kill you."

Yama’s Sting

Under Yan Qiuyang’s attack, a terrifying soul power burst out from his head and transformed into a black scythe.

As this scythe appeared, it rapidly rushed towards Mo Qingyun’s head, exuding a cold and dark aura.

Soul Heaven Seal

Seeing Yan Qiuyang’s attack, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and summoned soul battle seals to meet it.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun also attacked without holding back. He summoned eighty-one soul battle seals and pressed them against the black soul scythe.

Bang...

When the black scythe collided with the soul battle seals, a loud sound echoed. A powerful soul fluctuation emerged.

As this soul fluctuation appeared, it was like nightmares and spirits rushing out rapidly towards all directions, captivating the heart.

Seeing his attack being blocked by Mo Qingyun, Yan Qiuyang did not show any surprise. A trace of cold smile appeared on his lips.

Soul Eye Gaze!

As Yan Qiuyang showed a cold smile, he made a hand seal with his right hand and inserted it into the puppet on his right side.

Then, dark gray light burst out from the eyes of the puppet on Yan Qiuyang’s right side, carrying a terrifying soul fluctuation and rushing towards Mo Qingyun.

At the same time, Yan Qiuyang made a hand seal with his left hand and inserted it into the puppet on his left side.

Essence Energy Eye Gaze!

Then, golden light burst out from the eyes of the puppet on Yan Qiuyang’s left side, exuding a powerful aura and rushing towards Mo Qingyun.

"Two types of eye force beams!"

Seeing this scene, Mo Qingyun was startled. He was somewhat surprised by Yan Qiuyang’s methods.

Yan Qiuyang actually mastered two types of eye force techniques, unlike him where they were combined attacks.

Eye Force Beam!

After a brief moment of surprise, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and retaliated.

Then, two purple lights burst out from Mo Qingyun’s eyes and rapidly rushed towards the two eye force beams.

"Eye Gaze! This kid also has Eye Gaze, and it’s a complete form of Heavenly Soul Eye Gaze!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s eye force beams, Yan Qiuyang’s expression changed. He said in surprise.

He did not expect that Mo Qingyun also had such a capability, and the strength of his eye force beams seemed to surpass those of Yan Qiuyang’s puppets.

This situation was indeed unexpected for him.

However, after a brief moment of surprise, Yan Qiuyang guessed Mo Qingyun’s identity. He said with slight surprise, "You are the Purple-Eyed Demon Lord, Mo Qingyun?"

At Yan Qiuyang recognizing his identity, Mo Qingyun was not surprised. He had displayed eye force beams when he killed people outside the Jiu Gong’s secret vault.

This matter was almost known throughout the Hundred Kingdom Battlefield, so it was not surprising that Yan Qiuyang recognized him.

"That’s right!"

Seeing Yan Qiuyang recognize him, Mo Qingyun did not hide. He nodded in acknowledgment.

"Mo Qingyun, I know you obtained Jiu Gong’s legacy and possess some of his techniques."

Seeing Mo Qingyun acknowledge, Yan Qiuyang’s expression darkened. He said coldly, "But with that alone, you are not my match. You are a true talent, and I am not unwilling to spare your life."

Yan Qiuyang paused for a moment. He said seriously, "Now, I give you one last chance. If you tell me the method to refine Heavenly Soul Demon Eyes and submit to me, I will spare your life."

"This person indeed knows Jiu Gong!"

Hearing Yan Qiuyang’s words, Mo Qingyun’s expression slightly changed. He then showed a look of disdain and said, "If you have the ability, just attack directly. No need for so many words. Wanting me to tell you how to refine Heavenly Soul Demon Eyes, you are just dreaming."

"Humph! Since you seek death, I will fulfill your wish!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Yan Qiuyang’s expression darkened. He said, "After I kill you, I will extract your soul and then know the method to refine Heavenly Soul Demon Eyes."

After Yan Qiuyang spoke, he no longer said any more words and directly rushed towards Mo Qingyun with a powerful aura.

At this moment, under Yan Qiuyang’s attack, his body exuded an astonishing aura fluctuation.

This aura was at the half-step Essence Core realm. Yan Qiuyang’s true cultivation level had reached the half-step Essence Core realm.

Chapter 235: Using All His Tricks (Third Update)

"Half-step Essence Core!"

Feeling Yan Qiuyang’s aura fluctuation, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened. He became tense.

Yan Qiuyang’s strength was much greater than he had expected.

Not only did his soul cultivation reach the late Spirit Essence Realm, but his essence energy cultivation also reached the half-step Essence Core realm.

More importantly, Mo Qingyun’s techniques were mostly known by Yan Qiuyang.

This made Mo Qingyun’s advantages decrease to the extreme, making him somewhat passive.

Yin Corpse Malevolent Qi

Yan Qiuyang’s attack speed was extremely fast. A palm struck out, and in an instant it reached Mo Qingyun’s chest.

The black essence energy burst from Yan Qiuyang’s hand, transforming into a black ghost claw and grabbing towards Mo Qingyun’s chest.

At this moment, the black essence energy ghost claw was like a death-grasping hand from the eighteenth layer of hell.

Wherever this ghost claw passed, it seemed to corrode the surrounding air, producing a crackling sound.

Dragon Fire Seal

Seeing Yan Qiuyang’s attack, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and immediately defended.

When Mo Qingyun attacked, he summoned eighty-one dragon fire seals, condensing them into a huge flame shield and blocking the black essence energy ghost claw’s attack.

When summoning the dragon fire seals, Mo Qingyun also released three layers of Fire Essence’s essence energy and added them to the dragon fire shield.

Under the addition of three layers of Fire Essence’s essence energy, the dragon fire shield’s aura instantly increased. The flame power became stronger.

Sss...

When the black essence energy ghost claw struck the dragon fire shield, it produced a series of sizzling sounds and emitted black smoke.

As this black smoke emerged, the black essence energy ghost claw began to dissipate little by little.

During this process of dissipation, the dragon fire shield was also corroded bit by bit, a gap appearing in its center.

In this stalemate, the dragon fire seals and black ghost claw both dissipated into the sky.

"Actually managed to block it!"

Seeing his full-strength attack easily blocked by Mo Qingyun, Yan Qiuyang’s expression slightly changed.

He felt somewhat surprised in his heart. Mo Qingyun’s displayed strength was unexpected for him.

After a brief moment of surprise, Yan Qiuyang’s expression darkened. He said coldly, "I didn’t expect you to have comprehended three layers of Fire Essence’s essence energy. I underestimated you, but this was just a warm-up. Next time, I won’t hold back."

After Yan Qiuyang spoke, he attacked Mo Qingyun again and released a cold aura.

This was essence energy’s essence power. Moreover, it was two layers of Ice Essence’s essence power!

"Two layers of Ice Essence’s essence power!"

Feeling the aura Yan Qiuyang exuded, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed. He was greatly surprised.

Yan Qiuyang actually comprehended essence power, and not just one layer. This was quite unexpected for Mo Qingyun.

This made Mo Qingyun’s advantage in essence power weaken a bit.

After releasing the essence power, Yan Qiuyang immediately controlled two puppets to attack Mo Qingyun together with him.

Soul Heaven Seal

Seeing Yan Qiuyang leading two puppets to attack, Mo Qingyun summoned soul battle seals and attacked the two puppets.

Seeing this move of Mo Qingyun, Yan Qiuyang showed a cold smile. He said coldly, "Kid, it’s not easy to break the soul imprints in my puppets."

Soul Vortex

A terrifying soul power burst out from Yan Qiuyang’s head again, transforming into a black vortex.

As this soul vortex formed, it exuded an astonishing devouring power and swallowed the soul battle seals one by one.

Not only that, under this soul vortex’s devouring power, Mo Qingyun felt as if his soul was being torn apart.

"A troublesome fellow!"

Seeing his attack fail again, Mo Qingyun’s expression darkened. He became even more serious.

Yan Qiuyang was the most troublesome opponent Mo Qingyun had encountered since his rebirth.

Then, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and summoned the Light Gate Spirit Beast.

Seal Door, seal it for me!

After summoning the Light Gate Spirit Beast, Mo Qingyun used its spirit beast technique to seal Yan Qiuyang’s flesh and soul.

Puh!

Under the sealing power of the Seal Door, Yan Qiuyang’s flesh and soul were instantly injured. He spat out a mouthful of blood, his face turning pale.

Then, Yan Qiuyang’s aura rapidly weakened.

Soon, Yan Qiuyang’s aura was only at the peak of True Essence Realm Eighth Level, and his soul cultivation was only at the early Spirit Essence Realm.

"What... what kind of technique is this? It can seal my bloodline power and soul!"

Seeing his flesh and soul being suppressed by a sealing power, Yan Qiuyang’s expression changed.

Then, he looked at Mo Qingyun with a strong sense of awe. Mo Qingyun had already made him feel some threat.

As Yan Qiuyang looked at Mo Qingyun with awe, Mo Qingyun summoned the Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon Spirit Beast without hesitation.

Roar!

As the Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon Spirit Beast appeared, it emitted a low dragon roar and exuded an astonishing aura.