Facing the impact of eighteen Soul Battle Seals, Xue Zhenyang's soul was once again severely injured, spewing blood from his mouth.

Blood Demon Devouring

As Xue Zhenyang's mind was wounded, Chih Lian struck him with a palm, sending him flying far away.

Facing Chih Lian's strike, Xue Zhenyang was like a kite with its string cut, being forcefully sent flying.

Cough... cough...

Under Chih Lian's palm strike, Xue Zhenyang continuously spat out several mouthfuls of blood, his aura withering like an old man on the verge of death.

However, Chih Lian did not show any mercy towards him. He raised his hand and grabbed Xue Zhenyang, extracting all of his essence blood.

With his essence blood extracted by Chih Lian, Xue Zhenyang's face contorted in pain as he fell to the ground with wide eyes.

After extracting Xue Zhenyang's essence blood, Chih Lian did not hesitate and immediately began to refine it.

Seeing Chih Lian's actions, Mo Qingyun did not stop him but waited by his side as he refined the essence blood.

At this moment, the elders of the Xue family, seeing Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian's methods, all showed expressions of awe.

One by one, they sighed inwardly. They realized that their Xue family had made a great mistake in provoking such existences.

About an hour later, Chih Lian's aura suddenly surged, and his cultivation entered the Fourth Level of Yuan Dan Realm.

In addition to this, Chih Lian's blood strength also became stronger at this moment.

Blood Profound Meaning Fifth Level, Chih Lian's Blood Profound Meaning advanced further.

"Sorry for keeping the Young Master waiting!"

After coming out of his cultivation, Chih Lian showed an apologetic expression and bowed to Mo Qingyun.

"How is your strength now?" Seeing Chih Lian's cultivation and profound meaning both improved, Mo Qingyun showed a pleased expression and asked.

Chih Lian proudly said, "I can fight against the Sixth Level of Yuan Dan Realm!"

"Good!"

Hearing Chih Lian's words, Mo Qingyun showed a satisfied expression and nodded.

"Lord Young Master, what if killing Xue Zhenyang draws the attention of Heavenly Dragon Gang and Mount Tai Sect?"

At this moment, Chih Lian still had some worries and asked Mo Qingyun.

"That is exactly what I want!"

Hearing Chih Lian's words, Mo Qingyun curled his lips and said with a faint smile, "If my guess is correct, after Xue Zhenyang's death, Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang will definitely send people into the Xue family to replace his position."

Mo Qingyun continued, "Then you can start to subdue these people and use them as a foundation to gradually subdue the members of Heavenly Dragon Gang and Mount Tai Sect."

"Lord Young Master is wise!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, Chih Lian immediately brightened his eyes and showed a look of admiration.

Meanwhile, the elders of the Xue family had complex expressions, feeling worried for Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang.

However, now that they were refined into blood slaves by Chih Lian, although they knew that Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang would have a bad ending if this continued, they could not control their thoughts to send a message.

"Let's return to Jade Crystal Mansion!"

Briefly informing everyone, Mo Qingyun left with Chih Lian.

At this moment, without anyone knowing, the entire Xue family was completely subdued by Mo Qingyun.

Chapter 140: A Weakling? (Second Update)

Returning to Jade Crystal Mansion, Mo Qingyun and Chih Lian each returned to their own residences.

After refining Xue Zhenyang's essence blood, Chih Lian's cultivation broke through and needed to stabilize it.

Mo Qingyun planned to use this time to refine the Golden Stone Lotus Moss he had obtained earlier and感悟the power of the Golden Profound Meaning.

In a small courtyard, Mo Qingyun took out the Golden Stone Lotus Moss and began to refine it.

Under Mo Qingyun's refinement, the Golden Stone Lotus Moss emitted golden glows that were slowly absorbed into his body.

As he continuously absorbed these golden lights, a mysterious scene formed around Mo Qingyun's body.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun was like an upright and dignified Buddha, emitting golden light from his body.

Wherever these golden lights passed, traces were left on the stone benches and stone slabs around him.

Thus, time slowly passed as Mo Qingyun continued his cultivation.

The next day, when the sun rose, Mo Qingyun slowly opened his eyes with a look of surprise.

After one night of cultivation, the Golden Stone Lotus Moss was finally refined, and he had touched the path to the Golden Profound Meaning.

Mo Qingyun believed that with enough time, he would be able to quickly comprehend the Golden Profound Meaning.

"It seems there is no time left for further comprehension today."

Mo Qingyun sighed inwardly, feeling a bit regretful as he said to himself and walked towards the courtyard.

"Lord Young Master!"

When Mo Qingyun arrived at the courtyard, Chih Lian was already waiting. Seeing him come out, he bowed and said, "Wan Liyun and the others are waiting in the hall."

"Let's go!"

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun nodded and headed towards the hall.

Moments later, Wan Lian Yun saw Mo Qingyun arrive and smiled faintly as he said, "Mr. Mo, are you ready?"

"Ah!" Mo Qingyun nodded.

"Let's go then."

Seeing Mo Qingyun nod, Wan Lian Yun chuckled and called out to everyone as they headed towards the outside of Jade Crystal Mansion.

Soon, Mo Qingyun and others arrived at the entrance of Jade Crystal Mansion. There was a carriage parked outside.

Lifting the curtain, Mo Qingyun saw several people already seated inside the carriage.

Among them were a few elders and two young men, both at the peak of True Qi Realm.

Upon this discovery, Mo Qingyun guessed that these two young men were the candidates for the Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm competition.

"Humph! A True Qi Eighth Level brat, making everyone wait. What a big ego!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun arrive, one of the young men with dark skin said in displeasure.

"Perhaps he is very powerful. Otherwise, how could the City Lord have waited for him."

Following the dark-skinned young man's words, the other young man also mocked.

Hearing their words, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and narrowed his eyes at them.

"Humph!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun's expression, Chih Lian immediately snorted and pressed his aura towards them.

Under Chih Lian's pressure, both young men's expressions changed and their faces turned pale.

Seeing Chih Lian's actions, one of the elders in the carriage opened his eyes and said with a hint of displeasure, "This is Mr. Chih? Indeed very domineering!"

"Mr. Chih, Pang Guardian, we are all on the same side. Don't let small matters cause conflicts."

Seeing this scene, Wan Lian Yun smiled faintly and waved his hand to mediate.

Upon hearing Wan Lian Yun's words, the other Pang Guardian showed displeasure and said, "City Lord, this Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm competition is of great importance. Letting a True Qi Eighth Level brat participate seems rather reckless. If we lose because of him, it will be troublesome."

"Hmph! I am very clear about Mr. Mo's strength," Wan Lian Yun chuckled and explained.

"City Lord, we don't want to lose because of a weakling."

At this moment, one of the young men said, "Moreover, if someone gets a spot in Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm without even fighting, that's quite an ambitious plan."

"A weakling?"

Hearing their words, Mo Qingyun curled his lips and said with a playful smile, "City Lord Wan, I think before we leave, it's better to have a trial with the two geniuses of your mansion. I don't like working with weaklings."

"You brat, you're asking for it!"

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, the two young men immediately darkened their faces and showed fierce looks.

"Hmm..."

Seeing this scene, Wan Lian Yun frowned slightly, feeling a bit troubled.

He was worried that if one of Mo Qingyun's three people got injured, it would not be good.

"City Lord, this Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm competition is of great importance. I also think it's better to have a trial first," one of the silent elders said.

"Alright, then let Pang Wei and Wu Chong have a trial with Mr. Mo."

After some hesitation, Wan Lian Yun nodded and agreed to the suggestion.

Of course, Wan Lian Yun also wanted to see Mo Qingyun's true strength since he had not seen him fight before.

Seeing Wan Lian Yun agree, Pang Wei and Wu Chong showed cold smiles as they looked at Mo Qingyun.

In their view, a True Qi Eighth Level young man like Mo Qingyun would be easily beaten by them.

At this moment, Wu Chong walked out and looked at Mo Qingyun with disdain, saying, "Brat, don't say I didn't give you a chance. You go first."

"Brat, if you bow and beg now, it's still in time," Pang Wei said arrogantly.

"Otherwise, when you fight later and beg for mercy, it will be too late."

Hearing their words, Mo Qingyun smiled playfully and said, "You two finished your idle talk? If so, don't waste time. Both of you come at once."

"Both of you come at once!"

When Mo Qingyun said this, everyone's expressions changed slightly, surprised by his arrogance.

"Arrogant! With the two of them working together, even a True Essence Realm cultivator would have trouble."

"Good. Let Pang Wei and Wu Chong teach him a lesson so he knows his place."

"City Lord, this is the person you found. If we hadn't doubted him, we might have missed a big opportunity."

...

At this moment, the guardians of City Lord Mansion all spoke up.

While they were speaking, Wan Lian Yun and Wan Yue Xuan looked at Mo Qingyun with anticipation.

They did not believe that Mo Qingyun would be so arrogant. If he were, the Xue family would have killed him.

At this moment, under everyone's gaze, Pang Wei and Wu Chong slowly approached Mo Qingyun.

"Brat, this is what you asked for. Don't blame us if we are ruthless."

With these words, Pang Wei and Wu Chong moved their bodies and attacked Mo Qingyun.

Tyrannical Tiger Azure Wave Palm

Water Cloud Thunder Heaven Collapse

At this moment, Pang Wei and Wu Chong attacked Mo Qingyun simultaneously.

With their attacks, a surge of true qi emerged like a tiger breaking through waves and lightning striking, raining down on Mo Qingyun.

Golden Jade True Body

Fierce Bird Break

Facing Pang Wei and Wu Chong's attacks, Mo Qingyun did not hold back. He moved his body and rushed towards them.

Immediately, a terrifying gravity pressed down on Pang Wei and Wu Chong.

At the same time, there were violent wind blades attacking them crazily.

Puh puh puh...

In a short moment, Pang Wei and Wu Chong's bodies were covered with狰狞 wounds, their faces turning pale.

Bang bang...

At the same time, Pang Wei and Wu Chong were directly sent flying by Mo Qingyun's attack, falling to the ground.

One move!

In just one move, Pang Wei and Wu Chong, both at the peak of True Qi Realm, were forcefully defeated by Mo Qingyun.

Seeing this scene, Wan Lian Yun and the others instantly froze.

They never imagined that Mo Qingyun's strength would be so formidable.

"J... Just now, the brat seemed to have used two Profound Meanings!"

At this moment, one of City Lord Mansion's guardians said in shock.

Hearing these words, the others were startled, feeling amazed.

Just a True Qi Realm cultivator having comprehended two Profound Meanings was too monstrous of a talent.

Compared to Pang Wei and Wu Chong, Mo Qingyun was like a prodigy.

"Indeed two Profound Meanings! This guy is truly monstrous!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun display two Profound Meanings, Wan Lian Yun could not help but sigh.

Although he had heard that Mo Qingyun comprehended two Profound Meanings, seeing it was a different feeling.

"Looks like I am not his match!"

Seeing Mo Qingyun's combat strength, Wan Yue Xuan smiled bitterly and felt a blow to his confidence.

At this moment, while everyone sighed inwardly, Mo Qingyun walked towards Pang Wei and Wu Chong with a playful smile, saying, "A weakling?"

Hearing Mo Qingyun's words, Pang Wei and Wu Chong's faces turned red with embarrassment.

Chapter 141: Heading to Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm (Third Update)

Out of respect for Wan Lian Yun, Mo Qingyun did not deal a heavy blow to Pang Wei and Wu Chong.

Therefore, although they looked disheveled, their injuries were not severe.

However, everyone knew that this was due to Mo Qingyun's leniency.

Otherwise, Pang Wei and Wu Chong would not be in this state now.

After this confrontation, everyone had a clear understanding of Mo Qingyun's strength, far surpassing Pang Wei and Wu Chong.

"Haha, now everyone should have no doubts about Mr. Mo's strength."

Seeing Mo Qingyun's displayed strength, Wan Lian Yun smiled in surprise and eased the atmosphere.

Although he had guessed that Mo Qingyun's strength was far superior to Pang Wei and Wu Chong, he did not expect it to be so formidable.

"Hmph! We were hasty. With Mr. Mo's help, our City Lord Mansion will surely win this Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm competition."

Hearing Wan Lian Yun's words, the guardians of City Lord Mansion all smiled and acknowledged Mo Qingyun.

As for Pang Wei and Wu Chong, they no longer had their previous arrogance. They looked at Mo Qingyun with awe.

A True Qi Realm cultivator comprehending Profound Meanings was a monstrous existence they could not provoke.

If such a person did not fall, he would become an invincible force in the future, far beyond their reach.

Seeing everyone's acknowledgment of him, Mo Qingyun did not say much and walked into the carriage.

After all, he came at Wan Lian Yun's invitation. If they quarreled and made him difficult, it would not be good.

Soon, Mo Qingyun and others got into the carriage and headed towards the competition venue.

About half an hour later, Mo Qingyun and others arrived at a lake. This was the entrance to Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm.

Around this lake, two groups of people had already arrived. They were from Heavenly Dragon Gang and Mount Tai Sect.

"Wan Lian Yun, we thought you were afraid and didn't dare to come."

Seeing Wan Lian Yun arrive, Tai Zhen Hai sneered at him.

"Wu! With your strength, you can't make us retreat."

Wan Lian Yun responded to Tai Zhen Hai's taunt without yielding.

"Alright, since everyone is here now, let's start the competition."

At this moment, Long Zhen Jiang interrupted Wan Lian Yun and Tai Zhen Hai's argument.

However, just as Long Zhen Jiang spoke, Tai Zhen Hai suddenly darkened his face and shouted at Mo Qingyun beside Wan Lian Yun, "Mo Family brat, was Xue Zhenyang's death your doing?"

Xue Zhenyang's death?

Hearing Tai Zhen Hai's words, the guardians of City Lord Mansion were surprised and looked at Mo Qingyun.

After a brief moment of surprise, everyone's expressions changed, their faces turning pale.

From Tai Zhen Hai's words, it seemed that Xue Zhenyang's death was due to Mo Qingyun.

They knew some of the conflict between Mo Qingyun and Xue family. If Xue Zhenyang really died at Mo Qingyun's hands, his means were indeed astonishing.

"We underestimated this brat. With Xue Zhenyang's strength, he was actually defeated by him."

The guardians of City Lord Mansion sighed inwardly and looked at Mo Qingyun with different eyes.

As for Pang Wei and Wu Chong, they were filled with fear when looking at Mo Qingyun.

They never imagined that Xue Zhenyang, with his status and strength, would be killed by Mo Qingyun. If Mo Qingyun wanted to deal with them, their fates could be imagined.

They did not think they were comparable to Xue Zhenyang. Thinking of this, Pang Wei and Wu Chong's backs were drenched with cold sweat.

"Hand over the brat, Wan Lian Yun. We can give you a spot in Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm," Tai Zhen Hai said coldly.

What?

As long as they handed over Mo Qingyun, Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang were willing to give up a spot in Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm.

Hearing Tai Zhen Hai's words, the guardians of City Lord Mansion were surprised. A few guardians' eyes flickered with interest.

At this moment, everyone's gaze was on Wan Lian Yun, waiting for his answer.

Like the others, Mo Qingyun also looked at Wan Lian Yun, wanting to see his decision.

Of course, while waiting for Wan Lian Yun's answer, Mo Qingyun was also ready to activate the power of his Dan Mansion and open a portal.

As long as Wan Lian Yun agreed to hand him over, he would act without hesitation. After all, being cautious was better.

At this moment, under everyone's gaze, Wan Lian Yun chuckled and said, "That won't do. Mr. Mo is our City Lord Mansion's competition participant and can't be handed over to you."

Hearing Wan Lian Yun's answer, Mo Qingyun relaxed slightly. He did not want to reveal the portal unless necessary.

As for borrowing power from his Dan Mansion, he also did not want to overuse it. After all, excessive use would harm his body.

What?

This brat is City Lord Mansion's competition participant?

Hearing Wan Lian Yun's words, the members of Heavenly Dragon Gang and Mount Tai Sect all showed expressions of surprise.

They were very clear about Mo Qingyun's means. He had even tricked a Yuan Dan Realm cultivator.

If he participated in the competition, Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang might as well give up.

"Hmph! City Lord Mansion actually found an outsider to help?" Tai Zhen Hai said coldly.

"I don't need to explain this," Wan Lian Yun said with a slight sneer, not caring.

"Hmph! Letting this brat participate is fine but he must promise not to use external power during the competition."

Seeing Wan Lian Yun's words, Long Zhen Jiang said coldly.

Not using external power?

Hearing Long Zhen Jiang's words, the guardians of City Lord Mansion showed expressions of surprise.

From Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang's reactions, they seemed to be wary of a certain trump card Mo Qingyun had.

Seeing Long Zhen Jiang's words, Wan Lian Yun turned to Mo Qingyun and asked for his opinion.

Seeing Wan Lian Yun turn towards him, Mo Qingyun nodded at him.

"Alright, I agree."

Seeing Mo Qingyun nod, Wan Lian Yun no longer hesitated and accepted Long Zhen Jiang's suggestion.

Seeing Wan Lian Yun agree, Long Zhen Jiang and Tai Zhen Hai showed cold smiles.

"It's our turn to set the rules this year. Let me explain the competition rules."

Long Zhen Jiang said, "This time's challenge method is that each side's participants can freely choose opponents. The challenged cannot refuse, otherwise they will be considered as giving up."

Hearing Long Zhen Jiang's words, Wan Lian Yun and the others showed expressions of surprise. Their faces turned pale.

According to Long Zhen Jiang's method, if the two sides joined forces and challenged City Lord Mansion one after another during the competition, it would be very disadvantageous for City Lord Mansion.

"We disagree!"

At this moment, the guardian of City Lord Mansion showed displeasure and opposed it.

"How? Do you want to break your agreement with us?"

Seeing the guardian's opposition, Long Zhen Jiang said coldly, "Don't forget that when we set this rule, all three sides agreed. Each side takes turns to set the competition method every year. If you break it, you will be considered as giving up."

"You..."

Seeing Long Zhen Jiang's smug expression, the guardian was angry and wanted to argue.

However, before he could speak, Wan Lian Yun stopped him.

After interrupting the guardian's words, Wan Lian Yun said solemnly to Long Zhen Jiang, "Let's do it your way. Start the competition."

"Still as straightforward as City Lord Wan!"

Seeing Wan Lian Yun agree to his suggestion, Long Zhen Jiang chuckled and said, "Since that's the case, let's start the competition."

Chapter 142: Let Them All Come At Once!

After Long Zhen Jiang's words, the participants from all three sides stepped forward.

The Heavenly Dragon Gang's participants were three young men at the peak of True Qi Ninth Level, each with a stronger aura than Pang Wei and Wu Chong.

As for the Mount Tai Sect's three participants, two of them were similar to Heavenly Dragon Gang's trio, but the last one in a cloak had an extremely strange aura, as if two auras were fused together.

"Pang Wei, come up."

As the participants from all three sides stepped forward, a young man with a cold expression from Heavenly Dragon Gang took a step forward and pointed at Pang Wei.

"Hmph! Lu Xiang, since you want to be beaten up, I'll make it happen for you."

Hearing the other's words, Pang Wei moved his body and walked towards the competition venue to confront Lu Xiang.

Heavenly Net Blue Lizard, appear!

Seeing Pang Wei step forward, Lu Xiang summoned his soul beast without hesitation.

Then a blue shadow over three meters long appeared above him, emitting a dark aura.

Under this aura's enhancement, Lu Xiang's aura became darker.

Flame Rock Ox, appear!

Seeing Lu Xiang summon his soul beast, Pang Wei also summoned his without hesitation.

Then a huge flame shadow over four meters long appeared above him, emitting a violent aura.

Under the enhancement of Flame Rock Ox's aura, Pang Wei seemed like an enraged wild ox at this moment.

Lu Xiang and Pang Wei's soul beasts were both high-level tenth-grade, one leaning towards yin and the other towards yang.

After summoning their soul beasts, they fiercely attacked each other, clashing together.

Heavenly Net Annihilation

Lu Xiang's first move was to unleash a series of blue palm shadows, each with corrosive and dark aura.

Flame Collision

Facing Lu Xiang's attack, Pang Wei was not weak either. He charged at Lu Xiang with his body engulfed in flames.

Bang bang bang...

Then a series of dull sounds echoed as Pang Wei and Lu Xiang clashed.

Sss sss...

Under Lu Xiang's true qi palm shadows, Pang Wei's body emitted sharp sounds as if his body was being corroded by Lu Xiang's palm shadows.

Lu Xiang's clothes were also ignited and burned to tatters by Pang Wei's attack.

After a moment, both of them became disheveled and messy, their clothes torn and hair tousled.

However, after a fierce battle, Lu Xiang finally emerged victorious.

"Ahh!"

Seeing Pang Wei's defeat, the guardians of City Lord Mansion could not help but sigh. Their faces turned solemn.

Pang Wei's defeat meant that Mo Qingyun and Wu Chong would face a six-person rotation battle next, making the situation even more unfavorable.

"Wu Chong, come up."

At this moment, a young man from Mount Tai Sect walked out with a cold expression and looked at Wu Chong.

Hearing the other's words, Wu Chong darkened his face and walked towards him with a cold expression.

Seeing Wu Chong approach, the young man showed disdain and said, "Wu Chong, you are not my match. If you know what's good for you, admit defeat."

Hearing the young man's words, Wu Chong's face darkened and he snorted, "Hmph! Shu Yang, don't be so smug. We'll see who's better after we fight."

"Since you want to be beaten up, I'll make it happen for you. Soon you will know that you are always my underdog."

Hearing Wu Chong's answer, Shu Yang looked at him with disdain and a cold smile appeared on his lips.

Dark Day Three-Headed Crow, appear!

Shu Yang spoke and summoned his soul beast. A black shadow with three heads appeared above him.

Spectral Poisonous Vine, appear!

Seeing Shu Yang summon his soul beast, Wu Chong also summoned his without hesitation.

Then a black crow shadow with three heads appeared above him.

Heavenly Net Annihilation!

Seeing Wu Chong summon his soul beast, Shu Yang's face turned cold and he unleashed a soul beast technique towards Wu Chong.

With the soul beast technique, hundreds of spectral vine shadows appeared around Shu Yang's body and swarmed towards Wu Chong.

Dark Crow Soul Capture!

Facing Shu Yang's attack, Wu Chong also unleashed his soul beast technique without hesitation.

Then a black crow shadow charged at Shu Yang, emitting low sounds and attacking his soul.

"Wu Chong, this move won't work on me!"

Seeing Wu Chong's technique, Shu Yang said coldly, "Admit defeat."

Whistling sounds...

Hundreds of spectral vine shadows whizzed through the air, fiercely attacking Wu Chong.

Facing these hundreds of spectral vine shadows, Wu Chong was hit by one after a moment.

Sss...

Being hit by the spectral vine shadow, Wu Chong's body was covered with狰狞 wounds and blood flowed.

Then he was hit by more spectral vine shadows, his body quickly covered with狰狞 wounds, a sight that was hard to bear.

"Stop! We admit defeat in this round!"

Seeing Wu Chong's miserable state, one of the guardians from City Lord Mansion immediately admitted defeat.

Hearing this, Shu Yang stopped and said disdainfully to Wu Chong, "Wu Chong, you are getting worse. I don't even need to use three-tenths of my strength against you."

"Wu Yang, I will take double revenge on you one day," Wu Chong said angrily as he walked towards the City Lord Mansion's group.

Seeing Wu Chong's defeat, the City Lord Mansion's group could not help but look solemn.

After two consecutive defeats, winning next would be even harder.

Unless Mo Qingyun could defeat all six opponents in a row when he fought them next.

Could one person defeat six people consecutively?

At this moment, not only the City Lord Mansion's guardians but even Wan Lian Yun, who had full confidence in Mo Qingyun, could not help but worry.

Wan Lian Yun took a deep breath and said to Mo Qingyun, "Next, it's your turn."

"Ah,"

Mo Qingyun nodded and walked towards the competition venue with a calm expression.

As Mo Qingyun entered the competition venue, Lu Xiang, who had fought Pang Wei earlier, walked out again.

Seeing his opponent this time was just a True Qi Eighth Level cultivator, Lu Xiang showed disdain and said coldly, "True Qi Eighth Level. It seems City Lord Mansion really has no one left and sent such a weakling."

Lu Xiang sneered again and said, "Brat, if you kneel down now and beg for mercy, I'll spare your life."

Hearing the other's words, Mo Qingyun shook his head and said disdainfully, "You are not my match. Let them all come at once."

"You are not my match. Let them all come at once!"

When Mo Qingyun said this, everyone's expressions changed slightly, looking at him in shock.

Mo Qingyun was too arrogant and wanted to fight all six of them alone. In everyone's view, this behavior could be described as crazy.

"This Mr. Mo is indeed arrogant as always,"

Seeing Mo Qingyun's actions, the City Lord Mansion's guardians smiled helplessly and shook their heads.

"Hmm... Arrogant people must have some skills. He should be confident."

Wan Lian Yun chuckled and looked at Mo Qingyun with anticipation.

"Hope so!"

The guardians of City Lord Mansion sighed, but their eyes did not show much hope.

"Hmph! Arrogant brat, let's go and teach him a lesson."

Seeing Mo Qingyun's actions, the participants from Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang all showed angry expressions and stood up.

"Chaoqun, stay here!"

Seeing the five young men's actions, Tai Zhen Hai said to the youth in a cloak and added, "Shu Yang, you all go against that brat. If there's an opportunity, kill him."

"Yes, Sect Master Tai!"

Hearing Tai Zhen Hai's instructions, Shu Yang and the others nodded in response.

Then they walked towards Mo Qingyun while the cloaked youth sat down, emitting a cold aura.