“Lord Peng Lin, what is it?”

Upon hearing Peng Lin’s words, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and turned to look at him.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s puzzled expression, Peng Lin smiled faintly and took out a crimson half-moon-shaped key from his pocket. He handed it to Mo Qingyun and said, “Young man, this is the key to the Danfu Realm battlefield. If this gentleman wishes to enter the Danfu Realm battlefield, he just needs to refine it.”

The key to the Danfu Realm battlefield!

Upon hearing Peng Lin’s words, those around him instantly changed their expressions and felt shocked.

This was the rarest and most precious among the three types of battlefield keys.

Who would have thought that Lord Peng Lin would take out one and directly give it to Mo Qingyun.

What an honor and a face-saving gesture!

Seeing this, those around with Yuan Dan Realm and True Essence Realm cultivation immediately showed expressions of fanaticism, worshiping Mo Qingyun to the bone.

At the same time, they looked down on Hai Teng immensely.

Hai Teng used strong-arm tactics to buy a True Essence Realm battlefield key, an act that made people look down on him.

In contrast, Mo Qingyun now had Lord Peng Lin directly giving him a Danfu Realm key.

This was an obvious difference.

For a moment, the surroundings were stirred up.

“Danfu Realm key, this is the rarest and most precious battlefield key. Who would have thought that Lord Peng Lin directly gave it to someone.”

“Too shocking, I want a True Essence Realm battlefield key and have to rack my brains. This difference is too great.”

“Idiot, can you compare with my boss? What kind of person is my boss? He’s a god-like figure.”

“Pfft! Look at yourself, do you think you can be someone else’s subordinate? Don’t look in the mirror.”

“I have to get a True Essence Realm battlefield key right away, I want to continue admiring my boss’s风采in the battlefield.”

“Wait for me, I’ll go get one too.”

...

At this moment, those with True Essence Realm cultivation all went crazy trying to find battlefield keys.

Seeing the actions of those with True Essence Realm cultivation, those with Yuan Dan Realm cultivation all showed expressions of envy.

There was no way around it; their cultivation levels were different from Mo Qingyun’s, and they couldn’t enter the same battlefield.

As the surroundings stirred up, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed as he looked at Lord Peng Lin with some surprise.

After a brief moment of thought, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and took the Danfu Realm battlefield key from Peng Lin’s hand with a wave, thanking him: “Thank you for Lord Peng Lin’s kindness. In that case, I won’t be rude.”

“Haha, young man is too polite!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun take the battlefield key, Peng Lin smiled faintly and waved his hand again. “Young man, you and this gentleman don’t have a place to stay yet, why not let me arrange it for you?”

“Then I’ll trouble Lord Peng Lin.”

Hearing Peng Lin’s suggestion, Mo Qingyun did not refuse and nodded in agreement.

In his view, having Peng Lin arrange their accommodation was a good thing. It would save him and Chi Lian the trouble.

This way, they could also save some time for Chi Lian to refine Hai Kui Min’s essence blood.

Then, Mo Qingyun and the other followed Peng Lin into the inner city of the border town.

When Mo Qingyun and others entered the inner city, those around dispersed.

But after this incident, Mo Qingyun’s fame spread instantly in the border town.

Inner city of the border town.

Lord Peng Lin smiled faintly and asked Mo Qingyun, “Young Master Mo, do you have any insights about the treasures unearthed in this hundred-nation battlefield?”

“I don’t hide from Lord Peng Lin, we know nothing about the hundred-nation battlefield.”

Upon hearing this, Mo Qingyun did not hide and directly responded to Peng Lin. Then he asked, “Does Lord Peng Lin know anything about the hundred-nation battlefield?”

“Of course!”

Peng Lin smiled faintly and began to explain the situation of the hundred-nation battlefield to Mo Qingyun. “This hundred-nation battlefield is a peculiar space, and one must refine the battlefield key to enter. Moreover, everyone’s cultivation will become True Essence Realm First Level, Yuan Dan Realm First Level, and Danfu Realm First Level after entering. Then they can gradually increase their cultivation by refining battlefield essence.”

“Everyone’s cultivation becomes First Level?”

Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian’s expressions changed, showing a hint of surprise.

“Correct!”

Peng Lin nodded and continued, “So in the battlefield, the original level of cultivation doesn’t matter much. The only difference is the understanding of realm.”

At this point, Peng Lin glanced at Chi Lian with a complex expression, seemingly envious of his understanding of realm.

“From this perspective, those with higher cultivation still have a significant advantage in the battlefield.”

Mo Qingyun showed an understanding expression and nodded. “But how can one increase their cultivation when it’s suppressed?”

“To increase your cultivation in the battlefield, you must rely on the battlefield key.”

Peng Lin paused and continued. “Actually, this battlefield key is a container for storing battlefield essence. As the amount of battlefield essence stored increases, the color of the key will change accordingly, with nine colors: red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, purple, black, and white, corresponding to the nine levels of each realm.”

“So it is!”

Hearing Peng Lin’s words, Mo Qingyun showed an understanding expression and thought to himself, “So my battlefield key and Chi Lian’s are just ordinary keys of the first level.”

At this point, Peng Lin continued. “Young Master Mo, after you enter the battlefield, it’s best to attach yourself to a faction and seek their protection.”

“Lord Peng Lin, why?”

Hearing Peng Lin’s words, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed again and he looked at Peng Lin in puzzlement. “Don’t the people of each kingdom join together to fight against other kingdoms?”

“It’s not that simple!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Peng Lin immediately showed a bitter smile and shook his head. “In this battlefield, there are many powerful beasts. These beasts have strong bodies and terrifying power; with our Xia Kingdom’s strength, we can’t compete against them.”

Speaking of the beasts, Peng Lin’s expression changed involuntarily and he said with a lingering fear. “To resist the invasion of these beasts, one must rely on the arrays in the battlefield cities. However, most of these cities are occupied by powerful kingdoms, so…”

At this point, Peng Lin sighed and showed a bitter and helpless expression.

It seemed that the Xia Kingdom’s status in the battlefield was quite low.

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun felt puzzled and asked Peng Lin again. “But how do we earn points then?”

“Battlefield points are earned by killing beasts. Killing a beast of the first level earns one point, and for every increase in the beast’s level, the points double.”

At this point, Peng Lin’s expression became more serious and he said. “Another way is to kill others and plunder their battlefield points, so the battlefield is full of danger.”

Hearing Peng Lin’s explanation, Mo Qingyun’s expression became more serious and he asked again. “What are the uses of battlefield points?”

“The use of battlefield points is related to each kingdom’s ranking in the Great Yan Dynasty.”

Peng Lin explained without reservation. “The more points, the higher the ranking; then there will be more opportunities to participate in the Great Dynasty Examination.”

“Great Dynasty Examination?”

Hearing Peng Lin’s words, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed and he showed a surprised look.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s reaction, Peng Lin thought he didn’t understand and explained. “The Great Dynasty Examination is an exam held by the Great Yan Martial Academy to recruit students. Those who enter the Great Yan Martial Academy will have an unlimited future, and those who come out of it will at least be Danfu Realm powerhouses.”

Peng Lin paused and continued. “Moreover, some people with great talent can even enter the state through the Great Yan Martial Academy and receive cultivation from a powerful force, thus soaring to great heights.”

Then Peng Lin explained the situation of the hundred-nation battlefield to Mo Qingyun again.

After hearing Peng Lin’s explanation, Mo Qingyun showed a faint smile and responded. “Thank you for Lord Peng Lin’s enlightenment; I now have a better understanding of the hundred-nation battlefield.”

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun and Peng Lin were talking, the residence prepared for them by Peng Lin was already there.

Arriving in front of this residence, Peng Lin smiled faintly and pointed to the residence ahead. “Two of you, are you satisfied with this residence?”

“Haha, not bad!”

After glancing at the residence in front of him and showing a satisfied expression, he smiled faintly.

“Thank you for your trouble, Lord Peng Lin.”

“No need to be polite!”

Peng Lin smiled faintly at Mo Qingyun and responded. “In that case, I won’t disturb you two.”

Then Peng Lin said goodbye to them and left with the other Danfu Realm powerhouses.

Seeing everyone leave, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and walked into the residence with Chi Lian.

After entering the residence, Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian began to cultivate separately.

Chapter 189: Du Family’s Conspiracy (Third Update)()

“Why did Lord Peng Lin give that Chi Lian a Danfu Realm battlefield key?”

After leaving Mo Qingyun’s residence, one of the people beside Peng Lin looked at him in puzzlement and asked.

“Nowadays, Xia Kingdom’s battlefield keys are scarce, especially the Danfu Realm ones. Giving one away means losing one.”

“Yes, what if Chi Lian doesn’t enter the Danfu Realm battlefield? That would be a waste.”

“The main reason is that giving Chi Lian one means we have one less person entering the battlefield, and our strength will be reduced by a bit.”

...

After this person’s words, others around also expressed their opinions.

Hearing the people beside him, Peng Lin smiled meaningfully and said. “Haha, listen to me. Chi Lian’s power has reached the fifth level; in the battlefield with his power, he is definitely at the top. If we have him open the way for us, it’s an invaluable opportunity.”

Hearing Peng Lin’s words, everyone around brightened their eyes and could not deny his point of view.

Seeing that no one responded, Peng Lin continued. “Moreover, Young Master Mo and Chi Lian’s origins are mysterious; if we can gain their favor, it would be a good thing.”

Hearing this, everyone showed expressions of admiration for Peng Lin’s foresight.

“With Chi Lian’s power in the hundred-nation battlefield, he is definitely strong when fighting at the same level.”

“If Chi Lian can carve out a realm in there, then our Xia Kingdom people won’t have to rely on others.”

“That’s right. In that case, we can hunt beasts alone and gradually accumulate points.”

“After this year’s hundred-nation battle, our Xia Kingdom’s ranking in the Great Yan Dynasty will definitely improve a lot.”

...

Thinking this way, everyone’s admiration for Peng Lin intensified.

Seeing that everyone understood his thoughts, Peng Lin smiled faintly. “Haha, it’s best if you all understand this. But in my view, gaining the favor of Young Master Mo’s background is key.”

Everyone was perceptive; after Peng Lin pointed it out, they instantly understood the crux of the matter.

Right, the power that created Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian is definitely not a simple existence.

Probably at the top of the pyramid in the Great Yan Dynasty, powerful to make people change color when they hear about it.

If we can get their support, the strength of our Xia Kingdom will definitely improve qualitatively in a short time.

This path is faster and more direct than improving through the hundred-nation battlefield.

After that, everyone talked for a while before returning to their residences separately.

When Peng Lin and others returned to their residence, they ordered the people below to investigate Mo Qingyun’s origins.

In a blink of an eye, three days passed.

Because Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian did not hide their identities on the way,

After these days of investigation, Peng Lin and others found out Mo Qingyun’s origins.

Knowing their origins, Peng Lin and others were shocked beyond belief, unable to believe the result.

“Lianyun City, Beimozhen Town, Mo Family?”

Looking at the investigation results in front of him, Peng Lin’s face was filled with surprise.

He really didn’t expect that Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian, who displayed such abilities, came from a small town.

This result was really beyond his expectations.

When the other families learned this, their thoughts and reactions were similar to Peng Lin’s.

Of course, what surprised them the most was that Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian had a significant grudge with one of Xia Kingdom’s three major clans, the Du Family.

After this discovery, Peng Lin and others couldn’t help but think of an idea.

From now on, should they keep some distance from the Du Family to avoid being affected by Mo Qingyun’s revenge in the future?

After all, currently, Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian’s potential is much more terrifying than the Du Family.

With Chi Lian’s understanding of realm, once his cultivation enters mid-stage Danfu Realm, his strength will definitely sweep across the entire Xia Kingdom.

Compared to Peng Lin, when the Du Family received this investigation result, their shock was undoubtedly stronger.

In the inner city of the border town, in Du Family’s residence.

“What? Those two are from Lianyun City’s Jade Mansion?”

The head of the Du Family in the border town, Du Wangping, had a face full of surprise and couldn’t accept this result.

If it were true, their Du Family’s future situation would probably be no better than the Hai Family.

Thinking of this, Du Wangping’s face darkened and he thought about a countermeasure.

Not long after, a cold smile appeared on Du Wangping’s lips and he instructed the people below. “Three days later, when the hundred-nation battlefield opens, spread a rumor that Mo Qingyun got a powerful secret treasure and obtained countless treasures. The ancient treasure might have been obtained by him, now everyone is looking for the ancient treasure, at that time… hmm.”

“Great-grandfather Du is wise!”

Hearing Du Wangping’s words, the Du Family members’ eyes lit up and they showed cold smiles. “At that time, everyone will believe it rather than disbelieve it and crazily hunt down the boy.”

Hearing their flattery, Du Wangping’s smug smile became even more prominent and he said coldly. “Chi Lian, although your understanding of realm is strong, after entering the hundred-nation battlefield, I will still make you die without a place to be buried.”

Thus, Du Family silently carried out their conspiracy.

Time passed quickly; in a blink of an eye, three days later.

At this moment, a guard arrived at the residence where Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian were staying.

“Hmm? Someone came, it should be Lord Peng Lin’s envoy.”

The arrival of this guard was immediately sensed by Mo Qingyun, who got up and walked towards the courtyard.

“Young Master Mo, Lord Peng Lin asked me to pass on a message. The entrance of the hundred-nation battlefield has opened.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun arrive, this guard showed a respectful expression and reported to him.

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun nodded and instructed the guard. “Tell Lord Peng Lin that I thank him for passing on the message, tell him I’ll be there soon.”

“Yes, I will take my leave now.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s instructions, the guard respectfully responded and left.

Seeing the guard leave, Mo Qingyun’s expression slightly changed. “I wonder if Chi Lian has finished cultivating?”

With this thought, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and got up to walk towards Chi Lian’s courtyard.

Moments later, Mo Qingyun arrived at Chi Lian’s courtyard.

As Mo Qingyun entered the courtyard, a strong aura fluctuation came from Chi Lian’s room.

Soon after, Mo Qingyun saw Chi Lian walk out of the house with a look of surprise.

Seeing Chi Lian come out, Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and sensed his cultivation level.

Danfu Realm Second Level peak.

After sensing Chi Lian’s cultivation, Mo Qingyun showed a bright smile on his face.

Although Chi Lian didn’t directly enter Danfu Realm Third Level, this progress was still a good thing.

“The entrance of the hundred-nation battlefield has opened, let’s go!”

After a brief moment of thought, Mo Qingyun signaled Chi Lian and got up to walk towards the entrance.

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Chi Lian didn’t say much and followed him out of the residence.

Chapter 190: Entering the Hundred-Nation Battlefield()

Moments later, Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian arrived at the entrance of the hundred-nation battlefield.

At this moment, Lord Peng Lin and others had already arrived.

“Young Master Mo, Mr. Chi, you’re here.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun arrive, Lord Peng Lin and others showed faint smiles and greeted them.

Mo Qingyun responded with a faint smile to their greetings.

As Mo Qingyun and others chatted, the entrance of the hundred-nation battlefield slowly opened.

With the opening of the battlefield entrance, a dark space gradually appeared in front of Mo Qingyun’s eyes.

Behind the hundred-nation battlefield, it seemed like a void, dark and empty, with nothing to be seen.

“Is this hundred-nation battlefield a floating continent…?”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian’s expressions changed, their hearts shook as if they had thought of something.

Soon, Mo Qingyun and Chi Lian’s thoughts were verified.

Sure enough, in the dark space at the entrance of the hundred-nation battlefield, a continent was slowly approaching.

It felt like a huge ship slowly docking at the port and boarding passengers.

“Indeed!”

Seeing this vast continent approaching, Mo Qingyun’s heart moved and he thought to himself. “This should be the hundred-nation battlefield.”

Boom…

As this continent approached, a strong collision followed, causing the ground to shake.

Seeing this, Lord Peng Lin immediately said to everyone. “The hundred-nation battlefield has connected; everyone enter quickly.”

As Lord Peng Lin’s words fell, he flew towards the continent at high speed.

When his figure approached the continent, he was instantly sucked in and disappeared from everyone’s sight.

He entered the hundred-nation battlefield.

“Let’s go inside!”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and signaled Chi Lian to get up and flash towards the hundred-nation battlefield.

Fierce Falcon Break

As Mo Qingyun moved, his entire body turned into a streak of light and rushed into the hundred-nation battlefield.

As soon as he entered the hundred-nation battlefield, Mo Qingyun felt a pulling force from the battlefield key he had refined.

Then, under this pulling force, he was dragged into a strange space.

He entered the hundred-nation battlefield.

As soon as he entered the hundred-nation battlefield, Mo Qingyun felt a strong gravitational force instantly descend upon him.

Under this gravitational pressure, his body staggered and almost fell to the ground.

“Such a strong gravitational suppression!”

Discovering this, Mo Qingyun was startled and his expression changed.

“Cultivation has fallen to True Essence Realm First Level.”

At the same time, Mo Qingyun discovered that his cultivation had fallen to True Essence Realm First Level.

For this, Mo Qingyun was not surprised; after all, he had already heard Lord Peng Lin’s explanation in the border town.

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun adapted to the battlefield environment, he suddenly discovered that a strange force had descended upon him.

Under this force, Mo Qingyun was shocked to find that his connection with the Danfu Realm had been forcefully severed.

“The power of the Danfu Realm is sealed, this space is so strange.”

Discovering that the Danfu Realm power was sealed, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed and his brows involuntarily furrowed.

With the Danfu Realm power restricted, he would lose a powerful trump card in the hundred-nation battlefield.

This was not good for him.

Discovering this, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and immediately verified his trump cards one by one.

Only in this way could he clearly understand what kind of combat power he had in the hundred-nation battlefield.

Fortunately, after a series of verifications, he found that apart from the Danfu Realm power being restricted, all other trump cards were unaffected.

This discovery made Mo Qingyun’s heart relax; the situation was not too bad for now.

“Soul power, Daoist power… none of them are restricted, not too bad.”

After the verification, Mo Qingyun showed a faint smile on his face. The situation was better than he expected.

With his current strength, as long as he wasn’t surrounded by a group, he could be invincible in this battlefield.

Then Mo Qingyun began to look around and explore the hundred-nation battlefield.

After walking for a while, Mo Qingyun found that the light in this hundred-nation battlefield was too dim.

In addition to this, Mo Qingyun also found that the hundred-nation battlefield was filled with strong odors of blood, corrosion, and moisture, making people feel very oppressed.

Seeing the corpses of demons or humans everywhere, Mo Qingyun’s brows involuntarily furrowed. “From this, it seems that the battle scenes in this hundred-nation battlefield are extremely fierce.”

Sss!

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was about to step forward, a huge black figure suddenly emerged from the ground.

“Dark Sand Worm!”

Seeing this ten-meter-long creature, which resembled an earthworm, Mo Qingyun’s expression slightly changed and recognized its origin.

This Dark Sand Worm was not particularly strong, only at the True Essence Realm Second Level stage, and could not threaten Mo Qingyun.

Gravitational Suppression!

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and immediately released the Earth Daoist power, attacking the Dark Sand Worm.

Under gravitational suppression, the already clumsy Dark Sand Worm’s movements became even more sluggish.

However, Mo Qingyun did not soften his hand because of this; he directly took out the Fire Silk Saber and slashed at the Dark Sand Worm.

Furnace Sun Mountain-Splitting Sword

As Mo Qingyun slashed, a dazzling light burst from the Fire Silk Saber and fiercely cut towards the Dark Sand Worm.

Facing Mo Qingyun’s slash, the clumsy Dark Sand Worm was directly hit by the sword light.

Puchi!

The ten-meter-long blade swept past, slicing through the Dark Sand Worm’s skin and causing green blood to flow as its body convulsed.

Soon, the Dark Sand Worm’s body stopped moving; it seemed to have been killed by Mo Qingyun.

Plop!

After the Dark Sand Worm died, a light point flew out from its body and was sucked into Mo Qingyun’s battlefield key.

Then, a ‘1’ appeared on Mo Qingyun’s battlefield key, indicating that he had gained one point.

“There are many dangers in the hundred-nation battlefield; it’s better to increase my cultivation first.”

After killing the Dark Sand Worm, Mo Qingyun thought for a moment and decided to increase his cultivation first before slowly exploring the hundred-nation battlefield.

Dong dong dong…

However, as Mo Qingyun was thinking, suddenly the ground began to shake and a series of urgent footsteps sounded.

“Friend in front, run!”

Following the urgent footsteps, a panicked voice entered Mo Qingyun’s ears.

After this panicked voice, Mo Qingyun saw a black-clad youth dashing towards him at high speed.

Behind the youth, there were over a hundred huge beasts chasing after him at high speed.

“Golden Ringed Bear, Hell Thunder Bull, Long-snouted Blazing Beast, Water Moon Flying Horse…”

Seeing the rapidly approaching beast pack, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed and he no longer hesitated, turning to flee.

After recognizing these beasts, he had already sensed their strength; each was close to True Essence Realm Seventh Level.

Although he had many trump cards, he still did not want to act rashly; it was better to be low-key and cautious as a newcomer.

Fierce Falcon Break

As he turned to flee, Mo Qingyun directly used the martial technique Fierce Falcon Break and then flashed away.

“Damn, this guy is a rabbit; he runs so fast!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun dash away at high speed, the black-clad youth opened his mouth in shock.

After a brief moment of shock, the black-clad youth showed a bitter smile and said gloomily. “Damn it, I’m in deep trouble this time.”

Snow Trace

After saying a gloomy word, the black-clad youth did not hesitate and ran with all his might.

About a quarter of an hour later, the black-clad youth finally escaped from the beast pack.

However, when he escaped from the beast pack, he was surprised to find that Mo Qingyun was in front of him.

Seeing this, the black-clad youth showed a warm smile and walked towards Mo Qingyun. “Friend, you run so fast; I’ve never seen anyone run faster than me before.”

Hearing the black-clad youth’s words, Mo Qingyun was surprised and sighed inwardly. This black-clad youth is quite familiar.

However, Mo Qingyun did not dislike him; he smiled faintly and said. “Haha, you’re not slow either!”

“True… True Essence Realm First Level cultivation!”

As Mo Qingyun responded to the black-clad youth, his expression suddenly changed in surprise. “You… you just entered the battlefield?”

Knowing Mo Qingyun’s cultivation, the black-clad youth was shocked. A newcomer could run so fast.

This situation was too shocking for him.

Chapter 191: Battlefield Eye Demon (Second Update)()

“Correct!”

Mo Qingyun nodded and asked with a hint of puzzlement. “Isn’t everyone’s entry time into the hundred-nation battlefield the same?”

“Of course not!”

The black-clad youth’s expression turned serious and he said solemnly. “The order of entry into the battlefield is based on each kingdom’s ranking in the Great Yan Dynasty. So, kingdoms with higher rankings enter earlier and have an advantage in future competition; vice versa.”

“So it is!”

Hearing the black-clad youth’s words, Mo Qingyun nodded and showed a look of understanding.

“Based on your entry time, if I’m not mistaken, your kingdom’s ranking in the Great Yan Dynasty should be around nine hundred.”

At this point, the black-clad youth continued. “A person like you appeared in a kingdom ranked nine hundred; it’s really surprising.”

“A person of talent?”

Hearing the black-clad youth’s nickname, Mo Qingyun showed a bitter smile and shook his head helplessly.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, the black-clad youth said seriously. “I’m not boasting; in this hundred-nation battlefield, the number of people who can run faster than me can be counted on one hand. You’re a newcomer and you’ve already taken up one of those spots, so you’re definitely talented.”

Hearing the black-clad youth’s reasoning, Mo Qingyun was speechless again and curiously asked. “How long have you been in the battlefield?”

The black-clad youth thought for a moment and responded to Mo Qingyun. “It’s been almost a year.”

“A whole year!”

Hearing the black-clad youth’s answer, Mo Qingyun showed a look of surprise and was somewhat surprised by the black-clad youth’s time in the battlefield.

After a brief moment of thought, Mo Qingyun continued. “In that case, it’s unfair for the kingdoms ranked lower.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the black-clad youth rolled his eyes and said indifferently. “There are no fair things in this world; besides, it’s not that bad. The truly shameless ones are the Ten Great Kingdoms.”

“The Ten Great Kingdoms?”

Mo Qingyun frowned slightly and asked with a puzzled look. “What do you mean? Are the Ten Great Kingdoms different?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s question, the black-clad youth immediately showed a resentful look and said. “Of course they are different; the Ten Great Kingdoms have top-tier keys in their hands. After refining these top-tier keys and entering the battlefield, they directly have True Essence Realm Ninth Level cultivation and step on other kingdoms’ heads, making them slaves to earn points for them.”

“The actions of the Ten Great Kingdoms are rather domineering.”

Hearing the black-clad youth’s words, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed again and he gained a deeper understanding of the battlefield. He said solemnly, “In that case, the strength of these Ten Great Kingdoms will become stronger and their gap with other kingdoms will widen.”

“That’s natural!”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the black-clad youth showed a helpless look and said. “Now in this entire battlefield, it’s already at the mercy of the Ten Great Kingdoms.”

“Oh!”

Hearing the black-clad youth’s words, Mo Qingyun frowned and felt somewhat worried. “I wonder how Chi Lian is doing in the battlefield; with his Quanshen Ring, he should be fine.”

“I’m Ling Luo from Sword Kingdom.”

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was thinking, the black-clad youth smiled faintly and asked him. “What about you?”

“Mo Qingyun, from Xia Kingdom.”

Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and responded to the black-clad youth. “What happened that made you anger so many beasts?”

“Hehe…”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Ling Luo smiled awkwardly and said. “A guy from Thunder Kingdom wanted to snatch my girl; I didn’t like him, so I lured a group of beasts to ambush them. Unexpectedly, some small changes happened later.”

“…”

Hearing Ling Luo’s words, Mo Qingyun was speechless and thought to himself that he had been served by this guy.

Ling Luo, with True Essence Realm Third Level cultivation, dared to lead over a hundred beasts of around True Essence Realm Seventh Level. His courage was indeed great.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, Ling Luo smiled awkwardly again and said. “Actually, I’m not that bad; those guys should be worse off than me.”

“Uh?”

Hearing Ling Luo’s words, Mo Qingyun was surprised and looked at him. He smiled bitterly and said, “How many beasts did you anger?”

“Hundreds… or a thousand…”

Ling Luo looked confused, then shrugged and said with a smile. “Too many to count; I don’t know the exact number, but there are quite a few.”

After responding to Mo Qingyun, Ling Luo showed a bright smile and said. “By the way, you haven’t explored this battlefield yet; I’ll take you to a good place.”

“Alright!”

Hearing Ling Luo’s words, Mo Qingyun smiled faintly and nodded in agreement.

Seeing Mo Qingyun nodding, Ling Luo showed a mysterious smile and said. “I’ll tell you; not far from here is a Red Powder City, the girls there are beautiful and graceful. Especially that girl named Fei Dai; wow, she’s… amazing.”

“Girls?”

Hearing Ling Luo’s words, Mo Qingyun was speechless again and sighed inwardly. “This guy is really a top-notch one!”

During the following time, Ling Luo continued to talk about how beautiful and charming the girls in Red Powder City were.

Seeing Ling Luo’s actions, Mo Qingyun was speechless again but also felt a bit of fondness for him.

Ling Luo at least is an honest person, not pretentious or calculating; this trait was quite rare.

Whoosh!

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun and Ling Luo were walking, a streak of light suddenly shot towards them with great speed.

“Quickly dodge!”