“However, if Mo Younglord does not use this trump card, does he really have a chance to win?”

“This I am also unsure about. I believe that since Mo Younglord is doing this, he should have some confidence.”

…

At this moment, Wan Lianyun and others exchanged a few words, all showing worried expressions.

“To deal with us only requires one move?”

At this moment, amidst the whispers of the crowd,

One person walked out from among She Yang and others, coldly saying to Mo Qingyun, “Boy, don’t you fear that your tongue will be stunned by speaking big words? Don’t say I won’t give you a chance, summon your martial soul.”

“Summon the martial soul?”

Hearing this person’s words, Mo Qingyun curled his lips and said indifferently, “To deal with you, summoning the martial soul is not necessary.”

“Since that’s the case, don’t blame me for not giving you a chance.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, this person’s face darkened and he no longer spoke much, directly attacking Mo Qingyun.

True Extreme Mystic Palm

Under this person’s palm, two astonishing streams of true energy surged out from his palms, forming a Taiji pattern and rapidly pressing towards Mo Qingyun.

“Xie Teng’s True Extreme Mystic Palm has already reached the perfect level. The might of this palm is comparable to a True Essence Realm First Stage.”

“From my perspective, Xie Teng is making a mountain out of a molehill. To deal with that boy, it’s not necessary to be so serious.”

…

Seeing Xie Teng take action, She Yang and others nearby did not think much of it, believing that Xie Teng was making a mountain out of a molehill.

Bang!

At this moment, while She Yang and others were talking, they suddenly saw a figure rapidly flying backward.

Puh!

After this figure flew out, it spat blood and looked pale, its spirit becoming listless.

Xie Teng!

This figure that flew out was actually Xie Teng, who had just displayed astonishing momentum.

Seeing this scene, She Yang and others all changed their expressions, somewhat unable to believe the result.

Xie Teng was not Mo Qingyun’s match even when he used all his strength, this result was too unexpected for them.

In their view, without using a trump card, Xie Teng dealing with Mo Qingyun should be an easy task.

“This boy is somewhat strange, let’s all attack together!”

Seeing Xie Teng defeated by Mo Qingyun in one move, She Yang and others did not dare to be careless either, immediately attacking together.

Heavenly Net Slaughter

Spectral Shackles

Shadow of Poison Light

Break Soul Tyrant Saber

Under She Yang and others’ attacks, various sword lights and saber shadows rapidly approached Mo Qingyun.

Fire Dragon Seal

Facing everyone’s attacks, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and directly summoned the twenty-seven Fire Dragon Battle Seals to protect around his body.

As soon as the twenty-seven Fire Dragon Battle Seals appeared, they immediately emitted astonishing heat waves, flames surging endlessly.

At the same time, She Yang and others’ attacks also struck on the Fire Dragon Battle Seals.

Sss…

However, She Yang and others’ attacks were burned to nothing the moment they touched the Fire Dragon Battle Seals, turning into smoke.

Thus, She Yang and others’ all-out attack was easily received by Mo Qingyun.

“This… how is this possible?”

Seeing this scene, She Yang and others all changed their expressions, unable to accept the fact.

A young man at True Energy Realm Eighth Stage actually possesses such terrifying combat power, this is really shocking.

Sunburn Mountain-Splitting Saber

At this moment, while She Yang and others were shocked, Mo Qingyun held the Fire Silk Saber and slashed towards them.

Instantly, a five-meter-long flame saber light swept out with the momentum of sweeping thousands of soldiers.

Puh…

Mo Qingyun’s movements were swift, slashing out smoothly like flowing clouds and water. Before She Yang and others could react, they were cut in half at the waist.

“You…”

Feeling the pain from their waists, She Yang and others widened their eyes in disbelief that they were killed by Mo Qingyun in one move.

Seeing this scene, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air, including Pang Wei and Wu Chong.

In one move, Mo Qingyun killed She Yang and the other four. This method was too domineering and powerful.

At this moment, Pang Wei and Wu Chong realized how great the gap between them and Mo Qingyun was.

At this moment, they recalled how dangerous it was to provoke Mo Qingyun.

They were still alive now, which was really fortunate.

“Won!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun kill She Yang and the other four in one move, Pang Guardian and others all showed surprised expressions, their hearts filled with excitement.

Originally they had given up on the battle, but unexpectedly Mo Qingyun won with lightning speed.

This strong contrast made them feel pleasantly surprised.

“I underestimated Younglord Mo’s strength!”

Wan Lianyun smiled faintly, shaking his head unconsciously and mocking himself.

“Youngster, you… you actually killed She Yang and the others?”

Seeing She Yang and the others all killed by Mo Qingyun in one move, Tai Zhenhai and Long Zhenjiang both darkened their faces.

She Yang and the others were elites of two factions, nurtured with much effort. Now they were all killed by Mo Qingyun.

How could this not make them angry?

“Tai Patriarch, what you said, I don’t understand.”

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun pretended to be puzzled and said, “You sent a group of empty vessels out. They couldn’t even withstand one move from me and were killed by me. I had no choice, I didn’t expect them to be so weak.”

“You…”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Tai Zhenhai was instantly furious but could not refute.

What could he do? His people couldn’t even withstand one move from Mo Qingyun, this wasn’t due to Mo Qingyun being too ruthless but because his people were too weak.

At this moment, while Tai Zhenhai and Long Zhenjiang were angry, Mo Qingyun turned to the cloaked person and said indifferently, “Only you are left, come out!”

Chapter 144: The Monster Under the Cloak (Third Update)

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, that person slowly stood up and pulled off the cloak.

After pulling off the cloak, his appearance was revealed to everyone’s sight.

Seeing his appearance, everyone was shocked, somewhat amazed by this person’s looks.

This person actually had two heads and four hands, somewhat like a conjoined twin.

“This…”

Seeing this person’s appearance, everyone from the City Lord Manor was shocked and didn’t know what to say.

After a brief shock, Wan Lianyun’s face darkened and he said coldly, “Humph! Tai Zhenhai is really good at scheming. To obtain the victory of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm, he actually found such a monster.”

Hearing Wan Lianyun’s words, Pang Guardian and others’ eyes lit up, understanding the subtlety.

Although this person had only one body, he was clearly a conjoined twin with the conditions of two people.

This way, when fighting others, he would have the combined strength of two people.

Don’t underestimate this. He has two heads and four bodies, meaning he has two martial souls.

This way, the combat power he can exert when fighting is not just 1+1.

From this, one could see how much of a disadvantage it would be for someone at the same cultivation level to fight him.

“Youngster, you actually defeated those useless She Yang and others. This is really surprising.”

“However, this is good too. After we kill you next, it will show that we are stronger than those useless She Yang and others.”

Both heads showed a cold smile, sizing up Mo Qingyun before snarling at him.

Seeing this person’s appearance, Mo Qingyun was slightly surprised and somewhat unexpected. He didn’t expect him to look like this.

After a brief surprise, Mo Qingyun curled his lips disdainfully and said sarcastically to the two, “So you’re a monster. No wonder you covered yourself with a cloak and didn’t dare to show your face.”

“Xue Chao, he called you monster. Kill him!”

“Xue Qun, he clearly called you. You should kill him!”

“We will all attack together and tear this boy to pieces, feeding his flesh to dogs.”

“Alright, we will all attack together and kill this boy. Anyone who dares to insult us must die.”

The conjoined twin Xue Chao Qun heard Mo Qingyun’s words and both heads immediately showed a fierce light, communicating.

Blood-Eyed Devil Toad, appear!

Purple-Eyed Devil Toad, appear!

After Xue Chao Qun’s words, he summoned his martial soul. Then two huge toad shadows appeared above him.

Under the power of these two devil toads, Xue Chao Qun’s heads changed color slightly.

One became purple and the other blood-colored, looking particularly terrifying and fierce.

Devil Toad Swallows Heaven

Devil Toad Shakes the Heavens

Under Xue Chao Qun’s attack, two huge toad shadows appeared in front of them.

The blood-colored toad shadow opened its mouth wide and swallowed Mo Qingyun the moment it appeared.

As for the purple toad shadow, it roared loudly, emitting a series of croaks.

Under this sound, everyone frowned and felt their souls being impacted slightly.

As for the weaker Pang Wei and Wu Chong, they turned pale with cold sweat on their foreheads.

Clearly, the croaks of these toads had a great impact on their souls, making them somewhat uncomfortable.

However, for Mo Qingyun, these croaks had no effect at all.

There was no way. Now Mo Qingyun’s soul cultivation had reached the peak of Illusory Form Realm, unless someone with Soul Essence Realm soul cultivation attacked him, few people could harm his soul.

Fire Dragon Seal

Seeing the blood-colored toad shadow swallowing towards him, Mo Qingyun raised his palm and summoned the twenty-seven Fire Dragon Battle Seals.

Roar…

As soon as the twenty-seven Fire Dragon Battle Seals appeared, they emitted a low dragon roar sound, forming a fire dragon shield and colliding with the blood-colored toad shadow.

Bang!

The moment the Fire Dragon Battle Shield formed, it blocked the blood-colored shadow and collided with a muffled sound, true energy surging.

Soul Heaven Seal

At the same time, Mo Qingyun also summoned eighteen Soul Battle Seals and directly attacked Xue Chao Qun’s two heads.

Ah!

Xue Chao Qun’s two heads groaned in pain and cried out loudly when hit by the Soul Battle Seals.

“Stinky brat, we will kill you!”

At this moment, Xue Chao Qun’s two heads emitted angry words and their aura suddenly surged.

He broke through!

This conjoined twin Xue Chao Qun actually broke through at this moment!

Soon, true essence realm aura emanated from Xue Chao Qun’s two heads.

“Good, good, Mo Family brat, this time you won’t be able to escape!”

Seeing Xue Chao Qun’s breakthrough, Tai Zhenhai’s face lit up and he cheered repeatedly.

“Haha, Xue Chao, my cultivation has broken through to True Essence Realm.”

“My cultivation also broke through to True Essence Realm.”

“We will all attack and kill this boy together.”

After Xue Chao Qun’s breakthrough, his two heads laughed loudly and showed smug smiles.

Blood-Eyed Ray!

Purple-Eyed Ray!

After Xue Chao Qun’s words, he no longer held back and directly unleashed his martial soul abilities.

Then a blood-colored eyeball and a purple eyeball condensed in the air, crazily shooting out red and purple ray beams at Mo Qingyun.

Feeling the aura of these two rays, Mo Qingyun frowned and his expression became more serious.

After a simple感应, he was sure that if hit by these two rays, even someone at True Essence Realm would feel very headache and possibly be seriously injured.

Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon, appear!

After this discovery, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and summoned his martial soul.

Roar!

The Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon martial soul emitted a dragon roar sound the moment it appeared, its body exuding strong dragon aura.

“Heavenly Dragon Martial Soul. This boy actually possesses such a terrifying martial soul.”

“We underestimated this boy, he can’t be left alive.”

“Right, with such talent, if allowed to grow up, he will become a great threat in the future. We must get rid of him as soon as possible.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s martial soul, Tai Zhenhai and others all darkened their faces and exchanged cold words.

“Younglord Mo’s martial soul is actually Heavenly Dragon Martial Soul, what terrifying talent.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s martial soul, Pang Guardian and others were all shocked, their hearts unable to calm down for a long time.

Heavenly Dragon Martial Soul! This is a super martial soul surpassing the tenth level, and there isn’t one in the entire Lianyun City.

Not only that, Mo Qingyun’s martial soul is a powerful Heavenly Dragon Martial Soul, possibly reaching the twelfth level or above.

Twelfth-level martial soul! Perhaps in several hundred years of Xia Kingdom, there won’t be another one.

“Sigh, compared to Younglord Mo, our talent is just trash!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon martial soul, Wan Yuexuan was deeply struck and showed a bitter smile.

As for the two Pang Wei nearby, they were stunned, their eyes blankly looking at the Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon martial soul.

“Xue Chao, this boy’s martial soul seems very impressive.”

“What about it? In the end, he will still die in our hands.”

“Right, no matter how powerful his martial soul is, we will kill him.”

“To be honest, I haven’t killed someone with a super martial soul before. Killing them must feel very good.”

“Feel good or not, we will know after killing him. Kill!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s martial soul, the two heads of Xue Chao Qun communicated with each other.

At this moment, while everyone was shocked by Mo Qingyun’s martial soul,

Swallow for me!

Mo Qingyun controlled the Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon martial soul to rapidly approach Xue Chao Qun’s two martial souls and swallowed them in one mouthful.

Then, under everyone’s shock, Xue Chao Qun’s two devil toad martial souls were swallowed by the Crimson Flame Heavenly Dragon martial soul.

Swallow… Swallowed!

The Heavenly Dragon Martial Soul actually swallowed the two Devil Toad Martial Souls!

Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned and couldn’t believe their eyes.

This scene had exceeded their cognition, something they had never seen before.

Martial souls could actually swallow others’ martial souls. This was really unimaginable for them.

Puh puh!

After their martial souls were swallowed, Xue Chao Qun’s two heads spat out blood and turned pale.

“You… You swallowed our martial souls?”

Seeing their martial souls swallowed by the Heavenly Dragon Martial Soul, Xue Chao Qun’s two heads showed terrified expressions and looked at Mo Qingyun fearfully.

“Swallowed your martial souls?”

Hearing Xue Chao Qun’s words, Mo Qingyun curled his lips and said coldly, “Not only did I swallow your martial souls, but also I will make you this monster disappear from this world.”

Chapter 145: Kill Xue Chao Qun

Sunburn Mountain-Splitting Saber

After Mo Qingyun’s words, he held the Fire Silk Saber and slashed towards Xue Chao Qun.

As soon as the Fire Silk Saber fell, true energy surged on its blade and flames roiled up, forming a five-meter-long flame saber light.

Facing Mo Qingyun’s slash, Xue Chao Qun immediately turned pale with fear on his face.

He felt that if hit by Mo Qingyun’s slash, he would definitely be obliterated.

Seeing this, Xue Chao Qun’s two heads showed panic and pleaded with Tai Zhenhai for help, “Patriarch, save me!”

While pleading for help, Xue Chao Qun also turned around and fled towards the direction of Mount Tai Sect.

“Fire’s Essence!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s slash, everyone around him was shocked and showed amazed expressions.

They felt the power of Fire Essence in Mo Qingyun’s slash.

Especially those from City Lord Manor, when they discovered that Mo Qingyun’s slash contained Fire Essence, their hearts were filled with shock.

Previously when Mo Qingyun attacked Pang Wei and others, they had seen that he领悟ed Earth Essence and Wind Essence.

Now with Fire Essence added, did this mean Mo Qingyun had领悟ed three essences?

Just at True Energy Realm cultivation and having领悟ed three essences, this was really defying the heavens!

“Just at True Energy Realm cultivation and having领悟ed three essences, this boy’s talent is really terrifying.”

“We all underestimated him. Who would have thought that such a prodigy would appear in Lianyun City.”

“Is this guy really from the small Mo Family?”

“The Mo Family is really lucky to have such a young generation, how can they not prosper!”

At this moment, Pang Guardian and others all had complex expressions and sighed.

While those from City Lord Manor were sighing, the faces of Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang people darkened.

“Who would have thought that this boy actually领悟ed three essences!”

Tai Zhenhai’s face darkened and he looked at Mo Qingyun with cold eyes, saying coldly, “Boy, stop!”

At this moment, there was a hint of command in Tai Zhenhai’s words.

However, Mo Qingyun ignored his words and looked at him disdainfully before continuing to chase after Xue Chao Qun.

Fierce Bird Break

Mo Qingyun’s body moved, forming a true energy feather wing on his back. After several flashes, he caught up with Xue Chao Qun.

Seeing Mo Qingyun catch up, Xue Chao Qun turned pale with fear on his face.

Gravity Suppression!

Approaching Xue Chao Qun, Mo Qingyun released Earth Essence and suppressed him with gravity.

Under the suppression of gravity, Xue Chao Qun’s movements were immediately suppressed and his speed greatly slowed down.

Seeing this, Xue Chao Qun panicked and said fearfully, “How… How is it like this?”

Slash!

While Xue Chao Qun was panicked, Mo Qingyun slashed at him with the Fire Silk Saber.

“Boy, stop!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s actions, Tai Zhenhai’s face darkened and he shouted loudly, attacking Mo Qingyun with a palm.

Puh!

While Tai Zhenhai attacked Mo Qingyun, Mo Qingyun slashed Xue Chao Qun and killed him powerfully.

Fierce Bird Break

After killing Xue Chao Qun, Mo Qingyun didn’t linger and leaped up, flying towards the City Lord Manor.

Flying in mid-air!

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s move, everyone was shocked again by his skills.

Flying in mid-air is a skill that only Dan Mansion Realm experts can possess. Who would have thought Mo Qingyun could do it now.

“Tai Zhenhai, you’re overstepping!”

Seeing Tai Zhenhai attacking Mo Qingyun, Wan Lianyun’s face turned cold and he stood up to meet Tai Zhenhai.

While speaking, Wan Lianyun also attacked Tai Zhenhai with a palm and blocked his attack.

Bang!

When Wan Lianyun and Tai Zhenhai clashed, a loud sound was emitted, causing a violent surge of essence energy to spread out and form a storm.

Under this storm’s impact, the surrounding grass and trees were uprooted and sand and stones flew.

Facing this storm’s impact, everyone was shocked back连连retreating.

Some weaker people were even shocked with red faces and their blood surging in their hearts.

However, what surprised everyone was that Mo Qingyun, who was closest to the storm, didn’t have anything.

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s performance, everyone looked at him with different eyes again.

“Wan Lianyun, are you deliberately opposing me?”

Seeing his attack blocked by Wan Lianyun, Tai Zhenhai’s face darkened and his voice was filled with anger.

“I still say the same thing, Younglord Mo is a participant of our City Lord Manor. I can’t let you touch him.”

Facing Tai Zhenhai’s displeasure, Wan Lianyun said indifferently.

Seeing Wan Lianyun intervene, Tai Zhenhai’s face changed and with Wan Lianyun’s strength intervening, they would have to pay a great price if they wanted to deal with Mo Qingyun.

After brief consideration, Tai Zhenhai gave up on the idea of killing Mo Qingyun immediately.

“Wan Lianyun, hope you won’t regret today’s actions!”

Seeing Wan Lianyun’s attitude, Tai Zhenhai snorted and left a harsh word before saying to Mount Tai Sect people, “Let’s go.”

Then, Tai Zhenhai led the Mount Tai Sect people to leave.

Seeing Tai Zhenhai leaving, Long Zhenjiang also left with Heavenly Dragon Gang people following him.

With Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang leaving, it marked the victory of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm by City Lord Manor.

Seeing this, Wan Lianyun didn’t hesitate and took out a black array disk, throwing it towards the center of the lake.

The moment the black array disk was thrown out, it emitted a dazzling light and released an unweak array power.

After the black array disk fell into the lake, a huge whirlpool appeared in the center of the originally calm lake.

Soon, a path appeared in the middle of the lake, leading to an entrance of a cave mansion.

That was the entrance of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm.

“Right ahead is the entrance to Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm, let’s go.”

Seeing this, Wan Lianyun gestured and walked towards the path in the center of the lake.

Soon, everyone arrived at the entrance to Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm.

Arriving at the entrance of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm, Wan Lianyun quickly formed a hand seal and pressed it on the symbols of the cave mansion’s stone door.

Bam bam bam…

With Wan Lianyun’s hand seal pressing on the symbols of the cave mansion’s stone door, the stone door shook and slowly opened.

Seeing the stone door open, Wan Lianyun urged Mo Qingyun and others, “The time for this stone door to open is only ten breaths. Younglord Mo, Pang Wei, Wu Chong, quickly enter the cave mansion.”

Hearing Wan Lianyun’s words, Mo Qingyun and others didn’t hesitate and moved towards the entrance of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm.

After Mo Qingyun and others entered Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm, Wan Lianyun said, “Younglord Mo, remember to stay inside the cave mansion for as long as possible. The longer you stay, the greater your harvest.”

Chapter 146: Comprehensive Improvement (Second Update)

“Such pure water essence!”

The moment Mo Qingyun entered Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm, he felt a pure stream of water essence enveloping him.

He found that under the nourishment of this water essence, Pang Wei and others’ injuries were slowly recovering.

Then Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and stepped towards the interior of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm.

As he moved deeper into the cave mansion, the water essence became denser and formed droplets floating in mid-air.

Seeing the water essence droplets emitting faint light floating around, Mo Qingyun felt as if he was standing in the starry sky.

Thus, Mo Qingyun穿梭among these water essence droplets and moved deeper into the cave mansion.

As he walked further inside, Mo Qingyun found that this cave mansion’s interior space was vast and it could be called a Heavenly Realm.

At the deepest part of the cave mansion, there was a huge cold pond. Around it grew some ice flowers, ice grasses, and ice trees.

“These are… Ice Soul Spirit Grass, Ice Soul Spirit Flower, and Ice Soul Spirit Tree!”

Seeing the ice flowers, grasses, and trees, Mo Qingyun was pleasantly surprised and picked them up with his hand, storing them in the乾坤bag.

After a moment, all the ice grasses, flowers, and trees were stored in Mo Qingyun’s乾坤bag.

There were nine Ice Soul Spirit Grasses, five Ice Soul Spirit Flowers, and two Ice Soul Spirit Trees. This harvest was quite impressive.

After this discovery, Mo Qingyun searched the cave mansion but found nothing else.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and started absorbing the water essence in the cave mansion to cultivate.

Under his absorption, the water essence droplets around him rushed towards him like moths to a flame.

As he absorbed the water essence in the Heavenly Realm, Mo Qingyun’s aura rapidly increased.

After a day, Mo Qingyun’s aura reached its peak and he reached the pinnacle of True Energy Realm Eighth Stage.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun stopped absorbing water essence and started compressing the true energy in his body.

After several hours of effort, Mo Qingyun finally compressed the true energy in his body to its peak.

“Break for me!”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and controlled the true energy in his body to冲击the boundary of cultivation.

Sss!

Under the impact of the powerful true energy, the boundary of cultivation was broken like thin paper.

After breaking through the boundary, Mo Qingyun’s aura surged several times stronger.

Mo Qingyun finally broke through to True Energy Realm Ninth Stage.

After breaking through, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and absorbed the water essence in the Heavenly Realm to stabilize his cultivation.

Thus, over the next few days, Mo Qingyun absorbed the water essence in the cave mansion crazily.

Three days later.

Under his crazy absorption, not only did Mo Qingyun’s cultivation stabilize but also reached the peak of True Energy Realm Ninth Stage Initial.

But Mo Qingyun didn’t stop there and continued absorbing the water essence in the cave mansion to improve his cultivation.

Ten days later, Mo Qingyun’s cultivation reached the peak of True Energy Realm Ninth Stage Late.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and compressed the true energy in his body again to冲击the True Essence Realm.

After a day of cultivation, Mo Qingyun opened his eyes with an expression of pleasant surprise.

His cultivation had finally entered the True Essence Realm.

In Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm, in less than half a month, his cultivation broke through from True Energy Realm Eighth Stage to True Essence Realm. This improvement speed was really astonishing.

After a brief pleasant surprise, Mo Qingyun entered cultivation again and absorbed the water essence in the cave mansion to stabilize his realm.

Half a day later, Mo Qingyun stopped absorbing water essence. His cultivation had stabilized.

“With my cultivation stable, it’s time to cultivate the martial arts again.”

Having this thought, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and started cultivating martial arts.

He chose to cultivate Fire Dragon Seal first, as it was easier to cultivate compared to others.

Then Mo Qingyun re-refined the twenty-seven true energy battle seals he had previously refined into true essence battle seals.

Thus, over the next period of time, Mo Qingyun continuously refined Fire Dragon Battle Seals.

Three days later, Mo Qingyun stopped refining the Fire Dragon Battle Seals.

At this moment, forty-nine Fire Dragon Battle Seals were like mischievous little dragons surrounding his body.

“With my current cultivation, refining forty-nine Fire Dragon Battle Seals is already the limit.”

Mo Qingyun muttered to himself and said, “Since Fire Dragon Seal has been refined, it’s time to cultivate other martial arts.”

After some thought, Mo Qingyun decided to cultivate Sunburn Mountain-Splitting Saber next.

Then Mo Qingyun repeatedly cultivated the martial art Sunburn Mountain-Splitting Saber without tiring.

After several days, after repeated cultivation, Mo Qingyun finally refined Sunburn Mountain-Splitting Saber to the perfection level.

At this moment, the might of Sunburn Mountain-Splitting Saber was several times stronger than before. The saber light that was originally five meters long now grew to around ten meters.

Slash!

Mo Qingyun held the Fire Silk Saber and slashed powerfully towards the cold pond in the cave mansion.

Sss!

However, to Mo Qingyun’s surprise, that ten-meter-long flame saber light extinguished instantly when it approached the cold pond.

“Huh! This cold pond seems somewhat unusual.”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun frowned and approached the cold pond with a curious look to examine it.

“This is Ice煞Water!”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed and showed a look of surprise.

The water in the cold pond was actually extremely rare Ice煞Water.

Ice煞Water contained dense cold energy and could assist in forging weapons.淬炼finished weapons with it would have unexpected effects.

“Now I understand why Ice Soul Spirit Grass and others appeared here.”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun finally understood in his heart why these Ice Soul Spirit Grasses appeared here.

“With this Ice煞Water, I can淬炼Golden Jade True Body.”

Mo Qingyun showed a pleased expression and had an idea in his heart.

Then Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and jumped into the cold pond to cultivate Golden Jade True Body.

The moment he entered the cold pond, Mo Qingyun felt a bone-chilling chill attacking him.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and started circulating Golden Jade True Body to resist the cold energy.

Thus, under the erosion and淬炼of Ice煞Water, Mo Qingyun’s body gradually changed.

About ten days later, a faint jade glow appeared on the surface of Mo Qingyun’s body. This was the sign of Golden Jade True Body reaching perfection.

“Golden Jade True Body reached perfection!”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun showed a pleased expression and his face revealed an excited look.

At the same time, he clearly felt a powerful force in his body.

This was the most primitive power, different from essence energy and true energy.

Feeling this violent force, Mo Qingyun felt that with his physical strength alone, he could fight someone at True Essence Realm Second Stage.

“Only Fierce Bird Break left.”

Seeing Golden Jade True Body reaching perfection, Mo Qingyun planned to cultivate Fierce Bird Break.

As for the soul secret technique Soul Heaven Seal, Mo Qingyun didn’t plan to cultivate it.

Now his cultivation of Soul Heaven Seal had reached its peak. To improve further, he needed a breakthrough in soul cultivation.

With this decision in mind, Mo Qingyun didn’t hesitate and started cultivating Fierce Bird Break.

Bang bang bang…

With his cultivation breaking through to True Essence Realm, the might of Fierce Bird Break became greater. The true essence feather wings on his back turned into True Essence Feather Wings.

After the feather wings on his back transformed into True Essence Feather Wings, Mo Qingyun’s speed became noticeably faster, covering a hundred meters in an instant.

Time passed without notice.

A few days later.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun stopped and showed a faint smile on his face.

After these days of cultivation, Fierce Bird Break also improved and reached the perfection level.

“With my cultivation and martial arts improved, it’s time to leave.”

Mo Qingyun pondered for a moment and walked towards the outside of Cloud Sea Heavenly Realm.

Chapter 147: Xue Xiao (Third Update, Requesting Everything)

After a moment, Mo Qingyun arrived outside the cave mansion.

When he came out of the cave mansion, he saw Wan Lianyun and others still guarding there.

The reason they were still guarding was mainly to prevent Mount Tai Sect and Heavenly Dragon Gang from returning.