“Boy, you don’t need to be so proud; even if you pass the first test, you won’t manage to get through the second one!”

“Indeed, just the first test. It’s only a matter of success or failure; you don’t need to be overly proud.”

“It won’t take long before we catch up with you and even surpass you, entering the third test ahead of you!”

…

At this moment, everyone from the Puppet Kingdom emitted words filled with resentment.

“Haha, is that so?”

Mo Qingyun did not pay attention to their words; he merely smiled faintly and vanished from their sight.

Entering the interior of the Black Xuan Hall, he began the second test.

“Boy, even if you pass the second test, it’s absolutely impossible for you to get through the third one!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun vanish from his sight, Yan Qiuyang’s face darkened with a grim expression. He gritted his teeth and said, “This Black Xuan Hall belongs to me, Yan Qiuyang. No one else can obtain it.”

Upon hearing Yan Qiuyang’s words, the others from the Puppet Kingdom were startled and asked in puzzlement, “Prince Eighth, can’t this second test stop that boy?”

“The second test cannot stop him!”

Hearing the questions from his companions, Yan Qiuyang’s face darkened even more. He responded with a cold tone.

He was well aware that the second test not only could not stop Mo Qingyun but, on the contrary, Mo Qingyun would have an advantage over them when passing it.

Entering the second test area, a black water lake appeared before Mo Qingyun, emitting dark gases.

“This is the Black Xuan Qi!”

Seeing the black gas floating in the black water lake, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed instantly, feeling somewhat shocked.

Earlier, during the first test, he had witnessed how easily the Puppet Kingdom’s people were killed by this Black Xuan Qi.

After a brief shock, Mo Qingyun shifted his gaze away from the Black Xuan Qi.

Then, he saw an ancient arch bridge above the black water lake, connecting both shores of the lake.

At the center of this arch bridge was a platform about dozens of square feet in size, with a black-haired youth standing at its center.

“Someone is here!”

Seeing the black-haired youth at the center of the platform, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed, revealing a look of surprise as he sized up the youth.

Upon closer inspection, Mo Qingyun was momentarily stunned, almost unable to believe his eyes.

The black-haired youth at the center of the platform looked exactly like him!

“Young Master, don’t be surprised. This is a Black Xuan avatar created by the Black Xuan avatar’s simulation!”

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun was in shock, Jiu Gong explained to him: “If my guess is correct, this test should be about testing the talent of those who come here. You need to defeat someone with similar abilities as you.”

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Mo Qingyun was surprised and asked curiously, “Do all abilities match?”

“On a theoretical level, yes!”

Jiu Gong nodded and after some thought added, “However, certain special techniques might not be fully simulated, such as powerful artifacts, strong bloodlines, and some realm abilities.”

“With that in mind, this Black Xuan avatar shouldn’t be too difficult to deal with!”

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Mo Qingyun relaxed slightly and walked towards the arch bridge.

Soon, he reached in front of the avatar and stood facing it.

This avatar was also at the Fifth Level of True Essence Realm, with a Soul Realm Mid-stage soul cultivation.

“I am the guardian of the second test. To enter the next stage, you must defeat me!”

As Mo Qingyun sized up his opponent, the avatar spoke with a cold expression.

The avatar continued, “When fighting me, you cannot rely on external forces. So don’t try to use the powerful soul entity in your treasure.”

“He actually knows about Jiu Gong’s existence!”

Hearing the avatar’s words, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed, a look of surprise appearing on his face as he was somewhat surprised by the avatar’s abilities.

“Let’s get started then!”

After a brief surprise, Mo Qingyun did not waste words and immediately attacked the avatar.

Fire Dragon Seal

Mo Qingyun raised his hand, summoning eighty-one Fire Dragon Seals and transforming them into a fire dragon shield to attack the avatar.

Not only that, but as Mo Qingyun attacked, he also released the power of three essences.

Fire Dragon Seal

As Mo Qingyun attacked, the avatar also summoned a Fire Dragon War Seal and formed it into a fire dragon shield to clash with Mo Qingyun.

What surprised Mo Qingyun was that the avatar also released three essences of fire when it attacked.

He did not expect this avatar to be able to simulate the essence power as well.

Bang!

The two fire dragon shields clashed, producing a loud sound and releasing a violent flame force.

Under the rampage of this flame force, both Mo Qingyun and the avatar retreated temporarily to avoid its might.

From this scene, it was clear that Mo Qingyun and the avatar’s first confrontation ended in a draw!

“Indeed, he has the same abilities as me. Even the essence power is the same.”

After this confrontation, Mo Qingyun had a rough understanding of the avatar’s abilities.

Then, he frowned slightly and thought, “I wonder if the martial soul and its divine techniques can be simulated.”

With this thought in mind, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and summoned his martial soul to verify his guess.

Azure Flame Heavenly Dragon, appear!

Under Mo Qingyun’s summoning, a huge red figure appeared above his body, exuding dragon aura.

Blood Energy Rampage!

Summoning the Azure Flame Heavenly Dragon martial soul, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and immediately unleashed its divine technique.

As soon as the divine technique was released, Mo Qingyun’s aura surged dramatically.

Soon, his aura reached the Seventh Level of True Essence Realm.

However, what shocked Mo Qingyun was that when he summoned his martial soul, the avatar also summoned its martial soul.

Just like him, the avatar’s summoned martial soul was the Azure Flame Heavenly Dragon martial soul as well.

After summoning its martial soul, it also unleashed its divine technique to enhance its blood energy strength.

Soon, the avatar’s aura reached the Seventh Level of True Essence Realm as well.

“Indeed, it can simulate even the martial soul and its divine technique. This avatar is quite powerful!”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun was shocked in his heart and his expression became more solemn.

He did not expect the avatar to be able to simulate even the martial soul and its divine technique.

This was truly astonishing.

However, while being shocked, Mo Qingyun’s heart also filled with joy.

The stronger the avatar’s combat power was, the greater his strength would be when he obtained a Black Xuan avatar.

“I don’t believe you can simulate even the dual martial soul!”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun showed a skeptical expression and summoned the Light Gate martial soul.

Light Gate Martial Soul, appear!

Under Mo Qingyun’s summoning, a huge white light gate appeared above his body, exuding an ancient aura.

At this moment, when Mo Qingyun summoned the Light Gate martial soul, the avatar finally could not simulate his abilities.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun smiled smugly and said, “Finally, there’s something you can’t simulate.”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun’s heart involuntarily moved as he thought, “The Light Gate martial soul is indeed a more mysterious existence than the Azure Flame Heavenly Dragon martial soul. This avatar truly can’t simulate it.”

After a brief thought, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and immediately attacked the avatar.

Seal Gate, seal it for me!

As soon as he unleashed his divine technique, a miniature light gate immediately attacked the avatar.

Puh!

Under the attack of the Seal Gate, the avatar spat out a mouthful of black blood and its aura rapidly weakened.

Soon, the avatar’s cultivation level fell back to the Fifth Level of True Essence Realm.

After using his martial soul divine technique on the avatar, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed slightly and he thought, “I wonder if the power of the sword intent can be simulated.”

With this thought in mind, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and immediately verified it.

Furnace Sun Mountain-Splitting Sword

Then, Mo Qingyun no longer hesitated and raised his hand to slash at the avatar with a sword.

As the Fire Silk Sword fell, Mo Qingyun’s aura surged dramatically as he released his sword intent.

To verify his idea, this time Mo Qingyun did not release the power of three essences when he attacked.

Soon, his idea was verified.

At this moment, as he released the sword intent, the avatar did not release it and even failed to release any essence power.

Upon this discovery, Mo Qingyun’s eyes lit up and he said with a look of realization, “Could it be that this avatar is stronger against stronger opponents? Whatever means I use, he uses the same. When I fight normally, he counters normally?”

With this idea in mind, Mo Qingyun showed a mischievous smile and said, “In that case, dealing with you will be much simpler.”

Then, Mo Qingyun slashed at the avatar again, carrying the power of the sword intent and striking it forcefully.

Facing an opponent two realms higher than him, with the power of the sword intent加持, Mo Qingyun almost did not allow any resistance from the avatar and struck it forcefully.

Under Mo Qingyun’s sword, the avatar’s body was directly shattered and dissipated into the world.

“Congratulations on passing!”

After the avatar was destroyed, a low voice echoed in Mo Qingyun’s ears.

This voice continued, “As the first one to pass, you can obtain a Black Xuan avatar.”

With these words, a black figure appeared before Mo Qingyun.

This was the Black Xuan avatar.

However, this Black Xuan avatar’s aura was weak, only at the Body Refinement Realm level and without any consciousness.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and directly stored it in his乾坤bag. He planned to refine this Black Xuan avatar after passing the three tests.

Seeing that he had passed the test, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and moved towards the other side of the arch bridge.

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun walked towards the opposite shore, his expression changed and a look of surprise rose in his heart.

Just now, he suddenly sensed that the connection between him and a soul imprint had been lost again.

This meant another person he had placed a soul imprint on had died!

“Another one has died!”

Upon this discovery, Mo Qingyun’s expression remained unchanged but his unease intensified slightly.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun frowned and showed a look of concern as he thought, “I hope Ling Luo and the others are fine. Otherwise, even if I’m in the Black Xuan Hall now, it will be too late to save them.”

After expressing his concern, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and walked towards the third test area.

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun entered the third test area, Yan Qiuyang arrived at the second test area.

After Yan Qiuyang entered the second test area, an avatar appeared in the center of the arch bridge platform.

Seeing this, Yan Qiuyang did not hesitate and immediately attacked the avatar.

However, it seemed that Yan Qiuyang was very familiar with the avatar’s abilities and did not use any trump cards when he attacked.

Although this reduced his attack strength, he clearly suppressed the avatar with his combat experience.

Indeed, under Yan Qiuyang’s rich combat experience, the avatar fell into a dangerous situation and was soon killed by Yan Qiuyang.

“Congratulations on passing!”

After the avatar was slain, a low voice echoed and congratulated Yan Qiuyang. It continued, “Since you are the second one to pass this test, you cannot obtain a reward.”

“Second!”

Hearing these words, Yan Qiuyang’s face darkened and he gritted his teeth. “Damn that boy, ruining my plans again. But the things in the third test area won’t be yours to take.”

With these words, Yan Qiuyang’s face darkened and he walked towards the third test area.

In the third test area, Mo Qingyun had already arrived when Yan Qiuyang entered the second test area.

The third test area was a huge palace.

On a golden throne in the palace, there sat a large black figure with closed eyes, as if sleeping.

“Young fellow, congratulations on reaching here!”

At this moment, as Mo Qingyun sized up the palace, a cold voice echoed from within the black figure. “However, to obtain my legacy, you must pass my final test.”

“Are you the Black Xuan General?”

Seeing the black figure on the golden throne, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed and a look of surprise appeared.

“Unbelievable that you know me. But now, I am just a remnant of my spirit.”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, the black figure was slightly surprised and said in a cold tone, “Young fellow, I sensed a familiar aura from you. Let him come out.”

Hearing the black figure’s words, a white figure flew out from the Jiu Gong array disk, which was Jiu Gong.

After flying out of the Jiu Gong array disk, Jiu Gong showed a faint smile and said to the black figure, “Black Xuan General, it’s been a while!”

“Ah, Jiu Gong General. Unbelievable that you’re still alive!”

Seeing Jiu Gong appear, the Black Xuan General exclaimed in surprise with a hint of envy.

Hearing the Black Xuan’s words, Jiu Gong smiled bitterly and replied, “Just a remnant of my spirit. Not much better than you. Black Xuan, this is my new master. Pass your legacy to him.”

“Do you actually recognize him as your master?”

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, the Black Xuan General’s tone changed and he seemed somewhat shocked.

The Black Xuan General clearly could not understand how Jiu Gong, with his abilities back then, would now recognize a True Essence Realm youth as his master.

This was too strange and against the norm for him.

However, after a brief shock, the Black Xuan General’s tone became cold again. “Jiu Gong, he could come here with your help.”

“Wrong, wrong, very wrong!”

Hearing the Black Xuan’s words, Jiu Gong waved his hand and explained, “Young Master could come here entirely on his own abilities. It has nothing to do with me.”

“Alright, since he passed my first two tests, he does have the qualifications to receive my legacy.”

With these words from Black Xuan, a purple fragment flew out of his body and said, “Young fellow, if you can trigger the response from this purple fragment, it means you have passed my test.”

“Black Xuan, I didn’t expect you to still be so stubborn!” Seeing Black Xuan’s actions, Jiu Gong sighed and said.

As Jiu Gong sighed, the purple fragment flew to Mo Qingyun. Seeing this, Mo Qingyun reached out and caught it, asking, “What should I do?”

“Just drip a drop of blood on it!” Black Xuan said slowly.

Hearing this, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and cut his finger to drip some blood onto the purple fragment.

As soon as Mo Qingyun’s blood touched the purple fragment, it emitted a dazzling purple light.

Seeing this, Black Xuan fell silent for a while without speaking.

Seeing Black Xuan’s silence, Mo Qingyun showed a look of confusion and asked, “Have I passed?”

Hearing Mo Qingyun’s words, Black Xuan sighed and said with a sigh, “No wonder Jiu Gong brought you here. You are…”

After his sigh, Black Xuan did not say more and fell silent again.

Thump thump…

As Black Xuan fell silent, his throne slowly moved and revealed a passage behind it.

“You can go up!”

With the appearance of this passage, Black Xuan spoke to Mo Qingyun and gestured for him to enter the passage.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and walked into the passage.

As Mo Qingyun entered the passage, Jiu Gong hurriedly followed him.

However, as Jiu Gong was about to enter the passage, he turned back and asked Black Xuan, “Black Xuan, do you want to follow me and serve the young master?”

“I am just a remnant of my spirit now. Even if I follow, I cannot help him.”

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Black Xuan replied in a deep voice, “Let’s not talk about it now. We can discuss it after he comes out. An old friend has come, I want to see him. You can go up as well.”

“Alright!”

Hearing Black Xuan’s words, Jiu Gong did not say more and moved with Mo Qingyun into the passage.

After Jiu Gong entered the passage, Black Xuan’s throne slowly moved again and soon sealed off the passage.

As the passage was sealed, a figure appeared in the hall. This figure was Yan Qiuyang.

After arriving at the palace, Yan Qiuyang showed a cold smile and said to Black Xuan directly, “Black Xuan, hand over the cultivation method of your Black Xuan avatar and that thing to me!”

At this moment, Yan Qiuyang seemed to be talking with an old friend but his tone was very strong.

“I am sorry, someone has already passed my test before you arrived.”

Hearing Yan Qiuyang’s words, Black Xuan responded with a cold tone. “Now my Black Xuan avatar and that thing have new owners, I cannot give them to you.”

Hearing these words from Black Xuan, Yan Qiuyang’s face darkened and he said with a狰狞expression, “Black Xuan, you actually handed over such important things to an unfamiliar boy rather than me?”

“This is the master’s choice. I am just following orders.”

Hearing Yan Qiuyang’s questioning words, Black Xuan replied calmly. “You can leave now. I won’t trouble you out of respect for an old friend.”

“Black Xuan, hope you don’t regret your actions today!”

Hearing Black Xuan’s words, Yan Qiuyang’s face darkened and he said a threatening word before leaving the hall.

Yan Qiuyang knew that now, after his recent rebirth, he could not do much to Black Xuan. Staying here would only bring him shame.

“Now I am just a remnant of my spirit. What is there to regret?”

Hearing Yan Qiuyang’s threatening words, Black Xuan replied calmly without putting them in his heart. He added, “You are still the same as before. However, I will remind you: don’t touch that young fellow.”

“Black Xuan, do you think you still have the right to say this?”

Hearing Black Xuan’s words, Yan Qiuyang said with a look of disdain. “With that boy’s strength now, he cannot absorb and refine that thing yet. He is in my palm.”

With these words, Yan Qiuyang laughed arrogantly and walked out of the hall.

“Unbelievable that this fellow has reborn. He is trying to take over his master’s things. It seems the restless ones will always be restless.”

Seeing Yan Qiuyang leave the hall, Black Xuan sighed and said with a look of concern. “I wonder if those others have also been reborn. If they have, it will be troublesome. I hope this young fellow can grow up smoothly.”

At this moment, as Black Xuan sighed, Mo Qingyun and Jiu Gong walked to the end of the passage and entered a secret room.

As soon as they entered this secret room, Mo Qingyun saw arrays of symbols flashing with dazzling light.

At the center of these array symbols was a palace model about the size of a lunch box, flashing with light.

Seeing this, Jiu Gong said solemnly to Mo Qingyun, “Young Master, this is the core array of the Black Xuan Hall. This small palace model is the central hub of the Black Xuan Hall. Once you refine it, you can take away the entire Black Xuan Hall.”

“Oh, is that so!”

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Mo Qingyun’s expression changed and a look of surprise appeared.

Just by refining this central hub, he could take away the entire Black Xuan Hall. This was something even a Supreme Realm cultivator had never heard of.

After this brief surprise, Mo Qingyun’s gaze shifted to the side of the array hub.

Then, three items entered Mo Qingyun’s sight: a cultivation method, a Body Refinement Realm avatar, and a drop of purple blood.

Thump thump!

As Mo Qingyun approached the purple blood, he felt his eyes start to beat rapidly.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun suddenly sensed a faint connection between him and the purple blood.

Simultaneously, the purple fragment Mo Qingyun had obtained earlier flew out of his pocket and headed towards the purple blood.

Soon, the purple fragment merged into the purple blood.

As the purple fragment merged with the purple blood, Mo Qingyun felt his connection to the purple blood strengthen.

At this moment, the purple blood suddenly flew up and instantly entered his left eye.

Thump thump…

As soon as the purple blood entered Mo Qingyun’s left eye, his left eye started to beat rapidly and the connection with the purple blood became closer.

“This purple blood…”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun was startled and a look of concern rose in his heart.

He worried that the purple blood might contain some powerful existence, trying to take over him through it.

However, what surprised Mo Qingyun was that after the purple blood entered his left eye, it became quiet.

Not only did the purple blood become quiet, but even his left eye calmed down as well.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun checked his body carefully and found nothing unusual before he could relax slightly.

“Young Master, refine the array hub first. This way, you can control the entire Black Xuan Hall.”

At this moment, Jiu Gong reminded Mo Qingyun and added, “Once you refine the array hub, you can directly control the Black Xuan Hall and kick out those from the Puppet Kingdom.”

“Alright!”

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and started to refine the array hub.

As Mo Qingyun began refining the small palace, Jiu Gong did not idle and started setting up an eightfold time-shift array beside him.

He knew that refining the small palace as the array hub would take a lot of time, and without the time-shift array, efficiency would be low.

“I hope we can find the Star Pattern Array Stones soon!”

After setting up the time-shift array, Jiu Gong showed a serious expression and said with some worry, “Otherwise, without the replenishment of array power, the Jiu Gong Array Disk will soon lose its effect.”

After setting up the time-shift array, Jiu Gong started cultivating beside Mo Qingyun to recover his soul power.

Recently, while on the way to Black Xuan Valley, Mo Qingyun had made some soul-restoring pills for him.

A month later.

Under continuous refinement by Mo Qingyun, he finally refined the small palace to three-tenths and could now see everything inside the Black Xuan Hall.

But to kick out those in the Black Xuan Hall as Jiu Gong said, he still needed to refine it further.

Then, Mo Qingyun did not hesitate and continued refining the small palace.

“Hmm, he has refined three-tenths of the Black Xuan Hall’s core. It’s ten times faster than I expected!”

As Mo Qingyun refined the small palace to three-tenths, Black Xuan said in surprise and guessed, “It must be because Jiu Gong set up the time-shift array for him. This is good; with the help of the time-shift array, his growth speed will be faster.”

Thus, time passed quietly as Mo Qingyun continued refining the small palace.

As time went by, the difficulty of refining the small palace increased and progress slowed down.

Two months later.

At this moment, Mo Qingyun’s tense expression finally relaxed and a smile appeared on his face.

After two months of continuous refinement, he had completely refined the small palace.

Sensing Mo Qingyun’s movements, Jiu Gong’s expression changed and he opened his eyes with a look of joy. “Young Master, have you completely refined the palace core?”

“Mm-hmm!”

Mo Qingyun nodded and said with a cold smile, “Now it’s time to deal with those from the Puppet Kingdom.”

With these words, Mo Qingyun prepared to use the arrays in the Black Xuan Hall to deal with Yan Qiuyang and others.

However, what surprised Mo Qingyun was that there were no signs of Yan Qiuyang and others in the Black Xuan Hall.

It seemed they had already left!

“Good for you, escaping quickly!”

Seeing that Yan Qiuyang and others had left the Black Xuan Hall, Mo Qingyun felt a bit disappointed and said angrily.

Originally, he had planned to control the Black Xuan Qi in the Black Xuan Hall and directly eliminate them if they were still inside.

Especially Yan Qiuyang, he felt uneasy until he eliminated him.

“Young Master, don’t worry about it.”

Seeing Mo Qingyun’s expression, Jiu Gong smiled faintly and analyzed, “Yan Qiuyang is very familiar with the Black Xuan Hall. Knowing that you would receive his legacy, he guessed that after refining the Black Xuan Hall, you might use its arrays to deal with him. It’s normal for him not to stay.”

“Mm-hmm!”

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Mo Qingyun nodded and said no more. He said solemnly, “The Black Xuan Hall’s array hub has been refined; next is to cultivate the Black Xuan avatar.”

With these words, Mo Qingyun started cultivating the Black Xuan avatar and looked at the cultivation method.

After a brief look, he began cultivating the Black Xuan avatar.

The first step in cultivating the Black Xuan avatar was to use some special materials to create a physical body for it.

Since Mo Qingyun had already obtained an avatar as a reward in the second test, he could skip this step and save much trouble.

The second step in cultivating the Black Xuan avatar was to split part of his soul and implant it into the avatar.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun started splitting his soul according to the instructions for cultivating the Black Xuan avatar.

“Ahh!”

After splitting his soul, Mo Qingyun immediately felt a piercing pain and could not help but let out a sound of pain.

Fortunately, this lasted for only a short time.

Soon, Mo Qingyun split part of his soul and implanted it into the avatar’s sea of consciousness.

As a thread of soul entered the avatar’s sea of consciousness, its eyes lit up and became more lively.

At this moment, a close connection formed between him and the avatar, as if he was the avatar and the avatar was him.

“Phew! Finally done!”

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun exhaled deeply and showed a satisfied smile.

After saying that with a faint smile, he did not continue the cultivation but said solemnly, “Splitting my soul caused some damage to it. Before cultivating the avatar further, I should first recover from this injury.”

Then, Mo Qingyun started recovering from the damage to his soul.

He did not want to suffer irreparable harm to his soul due to cultivating the Black Xuan avatar, affecting his future cultivation.

About ten days later.

Mo Qingyun’s face showed a look of joy as he slowly opened his eyes after closing them to cultivate.

At this moment, the damage to his soul caused by splitting it had finally recovered.

However, when Mo Qingyun stopped cultivating at this moment, he frowned and thought, “Another soul imprint has lost its connection with me.”

This meant another person he had placed a soul imprint on had died.

Seeing this, Mo Qingyun’s expression became solemn and he said in a deep voice, “Every day during these days, one soul imprint has lost its connection. It seems that Hong Fen and the others have been captured; every day, one of them is being tortured…”

Thinking this way, Mo Qingyun’s unease intensified.

“It seems I can’t stay here and cultivate anymore. I need to return to the Four Symbols City soon!”

At this moment, Mo Qingyun made a plan in his heart.

As Mo Qingyun thought, he looked at the Body Refinement Realm avatar and said solemnly, “With my current strength, I can’t control this avatar. However, I can simply refine it and use it as a puppet.”

With this thought in mind, Mo Qingyun’s eyes lit up and he started refining the avatar without hesitation.

Five days later, this Body Refinement Realm avatar was successfully refined into a puppet by Mo Qingyun.

After refining the Body Refinement Realm avatar into a puppet, Mo Qingyun tried to control it.

However, at first, his control was not smooth; he could not even make the avatar stand up.

But Mo Qingyun did not give up and gradually became more proficient, increasing the difficulty of control step by step.

One day later.

Under Mo Qingyun’s continuous efforts, he could finally make the avatar walk勉强.

Five days later.

Mo Qingyun could control the avatar to run at high speed and even swing its fists while running.

Half a month later.

Under Mo Qingyun’s control, the avatar could move like an ordinary person without any stiffness when performing martial techniques.

Seeing this situation, Mo Qingyun showed a satisfied smile and said faintly, “Haha, although I can’t make the avatar move as smoothly as my own body, it’s still quite good!”

“Young Master, you have such strong talent!”

“This young fellow has such strong talent!”

Seeing Mo Qingyun reach this stage, Jiu Gong and Black Xuan both exclaimed in surprise.

They were surprised and amazed by Mo Qingyun’s ability to control the avatar so proficiently in such a short time.

“This trip to Black Xuan Valley took half a month. It’s time to return.”

Seeing that he had successfully controlled the Body Refinement Realm avatar, Mo Qingyun did not plan to stay any longer and prepared to return to the Four Symbols City.

Recently, every day he sensed a soul imprint losing its connection with him, which made his heart uneasy.

He wanted to return to the Four Symbols City as soon as possible and see what had happened there.

Then, Mo Qingyun and Jiu Gong descended the passage and returned to Black Xuan’s hall.

After arriving in the hall, Jiu Gong showed a look of anticipation and said to Black Xuan, “Black Xuan, I am leaving now. Young Master plans to take the Black Xuan Hall with him; will you come along?”

“Now that this small fellow has taken the Black Xuan Hall, I can only follow you.”

Hearing Jiu Gong’s words, Black Xuan said with a helpless tone. “Moreover, I want to see what kind of extraordinary abilities this small fellow has that made you recognize him as your master and how high he can reach.”

“You won’t be disappointed!”

Seeing Black Xuan’s willingness to come along, Jiu Gong showed a faint smile and replied.

“Young fellow, my remnant spirit is very weak now. I can’t stay awake for long; from now on, I will enter a state of slumber to recover my remnant spirit.”