Chapter 1:
Disclaimer:** This book is uploaded by a user of Qisuwang (qisuwang.com) to their storage space on the website. The website only provides a TXT collection of e-books for storage and free download services. The copyright of the following content is unrelated to the website.

-------------------------- User Uploaded Content Begins --------------------------

The School Beauty's Superpowered Male God

By the author of Great God's Online Personas








"Wang Yongsan, I want to break up with you."

In the early morning campus, a girl's heart-wrenching scream echoed through the air.

In front of the girl, a handsome boy with a smile on his face said, "Okay, Shasha, don't joke around. You want the bag we saw last time, right? I'll take you to buy it after school tonight, okay?"

Luo Yusha resolutely said, "Wang Yongsan, don't try to use money to talk to me again. I won't be easily coaxed back with just a few things this time. I'm serious about breaking up."

The crowd gathered more and more people.

Wang Yongsan felt a bit embarrassed and his face showed signs of anger, "Stop making trouble, okay? I'm handsome, tall, and rich. There are a lot of girls chasing me. How could you really want to break up with me?"

Luo Yusha sneered, "What's the point of being rich and handsome? I can't stand your cowardice."

She shook her hand, pulling away Wang Yongsan's grasp on her.

With red-rimmed eyes, she said, "I know you're timid and afraid of trouble on normal days. But last night, when I was harassed by a few hooligans, you didn't even dare to make a sound. I really doubt if you truly care about me. Anyone would not sit idly by when their beloved woman is being harassed."

"I did react, okay?"

Wang Yongsan's face was full of bitterness as he said, "Isn't giving them money enough? Otherwise, how could you be safe and sound now?"

Luo Yusha cried out in despair, "They were harassing me. You didn't fight with them or even dare to give them money? Wang Yongsan, can you be any more cowardly?"

After shouting loudly, Luo Yusha ignored Wang Yongsan's attempts to hold her back and turned around, running away.

Wang Yongsan was left standing there, confused.

What's wrong with solving problems with money?

Is it necessary to fight and kill?

In this kind of society now, doesn't everyone say that if you can solve a problem with money, it's not a problem?

Wang Yongsan couldn't understand. In the past, in junior high and high school, girls liked brave and unique boys, but now that they're already in college, a small society, is courage still so important?

"Shasha, I really love you, but...I really don't dare to fight."

Wang Yongsan sadly spoke to himself.

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in his mind.

"The System That Will Kill You If You Don't Act is binding."

"System binding successful. Current environment scan complete. Generating host attribute panel."

"Attribute panel generated. Please check by the host."

Wang Yongsan was confused and thought he had been emotionally impacted to the point of hallucinating.


Chapter 2:
However, the next moment, a light curtain suddenly unfolded before his eyes, and Wang Yongsan only then realized that things were getting a bit out of hand.

Host: Wang Yongsan (humanoid life form)

Basic Attributes:

Physique: 4 (the average physique for males in this world is 5-7)

Intelligence: 6 (the average intelligence for humans in this world is 5-7)

Lifespan: 0.73 Jiazi (approximately remaining 44 years)

Abilities: None

Current Task: Generating…

As soon as Wang Yongsan finished reading the last line, the "Generating…" after the current task suddenly changed, and then the mechanical voice sounded again:

"Task generated."

"Current Task: Hero Saves Beauty."

"Task Overview: At six o'clock tonight, outside the West Campus Gate of Longtai University, one hundred meters away from Xinyuan Hotel, Luo Yusha will encounter hooligans harassing her. Please arrive at the scene before Luo Yusha is harassed, and drive away the hooligans."

"Task Requirements: 1. Host is not allowed to use non-violent means to save the person; 2. The host must complete the task alone."

"Task Completion Reward: 10 points of 'Daring to Die' Points (points can be used to draw abilities or purchase attributes). Task Failure Penalty: Deduct 0.3 Lifespan."

"Special Note: This is a beginner's task. You can choose to randomly draw a common ability once, but if the task fails, the system will automatically uninstall. Alternatively, you can choose to give up the drawing opportunity, and if the task fails, only a fixed lifespan will be deducted."

"Please choose…"

Wang Yongsan was completely stunned.

He had read many novels, but the golden finger was always to help the host dominate the world. What was this "Daring to Die" system?

What did he do wrong by being an honest person?

Why was he chosen as the host?

Wang Yongsan cried without tears. If it were a system that cost money, he would have been willing to fight, but this was asking for his life!

"Please choose quickly, otherwise the system will randomly make a decision for you."

Fuck it, let's go all out!

Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth: "I choose to randomly draw an ability."

His idea was simple. This "Daring to Die" system was too deceitful. The beginner's task asked him to fight with hooligans, and who knew what kind of terrifying things it would come up with in the future. If he could draw a powerful ability, then great; if not, at least if the task failed, it would uninstall early and he could rest easy.

He didn't know if his lifespan would still be deducted after the system uninstalled.

"Ding, random drawing completed. Host obtains common ability - Insight (one-day experience)."

"As the Points Mall has not been opened, the ability will be automatically issued. Please host pay attention to receiving it."

"What, one-day experience?" Wang Yongsan shouted.

So the ability drawing wasn't necessarily permanent, and experiencing it for one day meant what?

Unfortunately, the system was rigid, and after the prompt sound, it began to issue the ability.

Wang Yongsan felt a cool sensation in his mind, and then…

"My god, this is amazing!"

Wang Yongsan looked at the surrounding world. After obtaining the Insight ability, when he looked around, it was as if he were watching a television.


Chapter 3:
It must be known that human vision has focus, allowing one to see only what they are paying attention to. While peripheral vision also captures some surroundings, the brain cannot immediately process it all. However, Wang Yongsan now finds that with a glance, his brain can analyze everything in front of him completely, and even has the spare capacity to categorize it.

[There are a total of thirty-two people on this road, eighteen men and fourteen women. Among them, nine are couples, and there are also two suspected lesbian pairs of women.]

[The person running towards us must have forgotten something, as at this time everyone should be heading towards the teaching building.]

[That female student over there is probably wearing a thong today, otherwise the surface of her pants would not be so smooth.]

[It is now 7:12 a.m. I am approximately three hundred and twenty-two meters away from the teaching building. My step length is about 0.77 meters, and my cadence is about 1.8 steps per second. It will take around four minutes to reach the entrance of the teaching building, plus going upstairs, using the restroom, and greeting friends, time is a bit tight.]

"It seems I need to quicken my pace."

Insight not only allows one to see more broadly and clearly, but also instantly analyze the hidden meanings within what is seen.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan discovers that with insight, his computational and analytical abilities seem to have improved significantly, giving him a sense of complete control over everything in front of him.

This ability is simply amazing!








Wang Yongsan feels like laughing uproariously, but this insight can only be experienced for one day. After a day, it will likely disappear.

"With insight, fighting doesn't seem so scary anymore."

Wang Yongsan clenches his fists. At this moment, he is no longer afraid of fighting and even feels like having a tea egg.

This can be easily understood: if a person were to kill a dog, they might be afraid; but stepping on an ant would not scare them. This is because if the dog fights back, it could easily cause injury to oneself, while an ant fighting back would not harm humans.

The disparity in strength can increase one's courage.

With insight, Wang Yongsan feels like he is already a superhero; how could he be afraid of fighting with some small-time hooligans?

Class begins.

Class ends.

The day's lessons quickly come to a close.

The cheerful sound of the dismissal bell rings out, and within ten seconds, students pour out of the teaching building in groups.

Wang Yongsan skipped his last class and left school early, waiting by the entrance of Xinyuan Hotel.

This hotel is located in a small alley, hidden away and suitable for young couples to engage in intimate activities discreetly. There is also a print shop nearby, likely where Luo Yusha was going to get something printed and thus caught someone's attention.

As time passes, it quickly reaches 5:60 p.m. (Note: This is likely a typo or stylistic choice, and the actual time should be 5:50 p.m.)

Wang Yongsan hides in a corner, looking towards the alley entrance. Luo Yusha's figure just appears there.

At the same time, the three small-time hooligans from yesterday also happen to walk out of the hotel, almost bumping into Luo Yusha.

"Hey, it's you."

The hooligans' eyes light up.

Luo Yusha recognizes the three in front of her, and her face immediately turns fearful. She stammers, "You, what do you want to do?"

</div>


Chapter 4:
Three small hooligans laughed arrogantly: “What do you think we want to do? We already let you off yesterday, but you came back today. This time, we can’t let you go no matter what.”

Luo Yusha retreated while mustering her courage to shout: “Don’t come any closer, I will call the police.”

“Call the police? Go ahead and do it! After we’re done with you, we’ll give you some money. If you call the police, we’ll say you were selling yourself. At that time, we’ll just be fined a bit of money, but your reputation will be ruined for life. You might even get expelled from school. I want to see if you still dare to call the police then.”

As the hooligans spoke, they surrounded Luo Yusha.

The distance between them was too close for her to run, and as soon as she turned around, one of the hooligans grabbed her arm.

“Want to run? We’ll make you so weak in the legs that you won’t be able to run.”

“Help, help!”

Luo Yusha was desperate, and tears flowed uncontrollably.

She now regretted deeply. Why didn’t she eat dinner first? If she had come a little later, this situation wouldn’t have happened.

She even thought of Wang Yansan. If he were here, even if he didn’t dare to fight, at least he could spend some money to help block them. Now that she was alone and in this secluded alley, calling for help would be futile.

The three hooligans were extremely pleased as they dragged Luo Yusha towards the hotel.

Their boss protected this hotel, so no one would dare to stop them from doing bad things here.

Just as they were about to drag her into the hotel, there was a sudden ‘bang’ sound. One of the hooligans at the back groaned and fell to the ground.

The other two were startled, but after reacting, one of them jumped to the side while turning around.

“It’s you?”

The one who shot a cold shot from behind was Wang Yansan.

He waited until now to appear because he wanted to take advantage of the moment when the three were relaxed and then ambush them.

As long as one was knocked down, dealing with the remaining two would be much easier. At least it would be possible to cover Luo Yusha’s escape.

“Yes, it’s me.”

Wang Yansan held the brick he used to ambush them and said fiercely, “I recorded what you just said on my phone. If you’re wise, get lost now. Otherwise, with a minimum of three years and a maximum penalty of death, you can weigh which option is more beneficial.”

“Damn it!”

The two hooligans were furious.

They exchanged glances and simultaneously took out a dagger from their pockets, threatening Wang Yansan, “So what if we recorded it? Since you know about it, you won’t be able to leave. We’ll smash your phone and tie you up in front of the bed, making you watch us serve your girlfriend. See if you still dare to meddle in other people’s affairs after that!”

Seeing the dagger, Wang Yansan’s expression became silent.

Luo Yusha was blocked behind the two hooligans and cried out, “Yansan, run! They’ll kill you!”

“No, I won’t run. From now on, I will never run again.”

Wang Yansan gritted his teeth and said, “Shasha, it’s because I was too weak before. Starting today, I will become your hero. Anyone who wants to hurt you must first step over my corpse!”


Chapter 5:
Two hooligans moved a few steps to block the path leading out.

"Do you still want to run? It's too late."

This alley was a dead end, and Wang Yongsan had hidden inside earlier for fear of being discovered by Luo Yusha, which would affect the mission progress. Now that they were blocked by two people, there was no way to escape.

Luo Yusha felt even more desperate when she saw this. Wang Yongsan's performance just now had already surprised her, and she couldn't believe that the usually weak Wang Yongsan could defeat two hooligans armed with daggers.

Wang Yongsan took two deep breaths and stared intently at the two small hooligans in front of him.

His insight ability automatically activated, and his brain quickly calculated the situation.

[The one on the left is deviating from my front by 15 degrees, with a height of about 1.76 meters and an arm span of about 1.8 meters. There is a 90% chance that he will swing his dagger upward in a low stance, targeting the area between my left abdomen and chest.]

[This guy on the right is a left-hander, holding the dagger in reverse grip. His attack movements are more complicated compared to the one on the left, and considering his athletic ability, it will take 0.5 to 1 second for him to reach the area around my right shoulder.]

[However, from a psychological perspective, there is a 75% chance that the guy on the right will attack first.]

[The area on the right is smaller and easier to dodge. When the time comes, I will move horizontally to the left to avoid the range of attack from the guy on the right while using my brick-shaped object to block the dagger swung out hastily by the one on the left, and quickly use my fingers to poke his eyes.]

[Life and death lie on a thin line, so I must take the initiative to attack and ensure that changes are kept within the smallest possible range.]

Wang Yongsan took a deep breath, as if everything was under his control.

Three meters,
Two meters,
One meter.

"Go to hell!"

"You're the one who's going to die!"

Just as the two hooligans were about to attack, Wang Yongsan had taken half a second ahead of them and charged at the one on the left with red eyes.








It was this half-second advance that disrupted the rhythm of the two hooligans' attack.

The hooligan on the right lost his target, and when the one on the left saw Wang Yongsan charging towards him, he gritted his teeth and stabbed forward with the dagger without even lifting it.

"Now!"

Wang Yongsan saw everything clearly and shouted, blocking the dagger with his brick-shaped object accurately.

The hooligan's attack was hindered, and as he tried to lift his foot for another strike, he saw two fingers rapidly enlarging in front of his eyes.

"Aaaaaah!"

A heart-wrenching scream echoed through the air.

Wang Yongsan's two fingers were driven with hatred, directly piercing his eyes and causing blood to flow freely.

The hooligan screamed and fell to the ground, covering his eyes with both hands as blood continued to seep through his fingers.

"You, you..."

The hooligan on the right saw Wang Yongsan's ruthless actions and his legs became weak with fear.

They often fought, and stabbing people was not uncommon for them, but they always targeted the body. Over time, they knew which parts to avoid to prevent fatal injuries; it looked fierce but usually didn't lead to serious consequences.

But this young man in front of them was completely disregarding life and death!

"One last chance for you, get lost!"


Chapter 6:
Wang Yongsan's eyes were red, and he looked particularly frightening.

The last little hooligan had a dagger in his hand, but he was forced by Wang Yongsan's momentum and did not dare to attack again.

"Okay, you have the guts, kid. We are from Iron Hand Wushu Hall and work for Brother Tie (Iron). Do you dare to give us your name?"

Wang Yongsan took a step forward, held up the brick and shouted: "F*ck your name! Get lost now, or I'll f*cking kill you!"

The little hooligan was so scared that he retreated, ignoring the brothers lying on the ground screaming "Ouch! Ouch!" He ran away in a flash, calling out: "You wait for me! You offended Brother Tie's people in this area. You better not go out from now on!"

Wang Yongsan threw the brick in his hand.

Under the precise calculation of an intelligence score of 12, the brick flew through the air in a beautiful parabolic arc and hit the hooligan squarely on the head.

The little hooligan cried out and fell to the ground, then got up and ran away without looking back.

"Ding Dong, mission completed. Reward: 10 points of death-defying credit."

"Ding Dong, the credit mall has been opened. Your credits have been automatically deposited into the mall. Would you like to open the mall now?"

[No.]

Wang Yongsan silently said to himself, then turned towards Luo Yusha.

"Thank you." Luo Yusha's eyes were red from crying, and she was at a loss when facing Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly: "Do we need to say thank you between us? Protecting you is what I should do."

When Luo Yusha heard this, tears flowed uncontrollably again: "But we have already broken up. Why are you still helping me so much?"

"Silly girl." Wang Yongsan hugged her: "When did I say that I wanted to break up with you? It was you who said you wanted to break up, but I didn't agree."

"Woohoo, I'm sorry." Luo Yusha cried so sadly.

Wang Yongsan patted her back gently and said softly: "You didn't do anything wrong to me. In the past, I was too timid and cowardly to give you a sense of security, not a qualified boyfriend. But I won't be so cowardly anymore. Yusha, can you give me another chance to protect you with my life?"

Luo Yusha choked up, unable to speak, and kept nodding with tears streaming down her face.

Having been in a relationship for three years, the feelings between the two were naturally indescribable. Being able to reunite was something Wang Yongsan was very grateful for the Death-defying System.

The two embraced each other, only separating after a long time.

The two little hooligans on the ground were still screaming "Ouch! Ouch!" Wang Yongsan kicked them a few more times.

"How dare you have designs on my girlfriend! I'll beat you up every time I see you from now on!" Wang Yongsan said domineeringly.

Luo Yusha's eyes were full of little stars.

Her boyfriend was considerate, handsome, tall, rich, and the only shortcoming he had has now been overcome. He was perfect!

"By the way, Yusha, why did you come here?" Wang Yongsan asked.

[Note: The Chinese text provided appears to be incomplete at the end, so the translation stops here. If there is more content available, please provide it for a complete translation.]


Chapter 7:
Rosy finally remembered that she had something to do and pulled Wang Yongsan along as they walked towards the nearby print shop while saying, "It's all because of this year's extreme sports event at our school. The format of the form I made earlier was incorrect, and it's needed tomorrow. Fortunately, I managed to fix it today, but when I went to the school print shop, they had already closed. So I had no choice but to come here to print it."

Rosy is a member of the student council at school and manages some affairs.

This extreme sports competition is a large-scale event for college students in the entire Ludong Province, with more than ten schools and over 200 participants.

Rosy had mentioned this matter to Wang Yongsan before, but someone as timid as him would be frightened just by watching extreme sports, let alone participating in them. So later on, they didn't continue discussing this topic.

Now that he thinks about it, tomorrow seems to be the day of the competition.

"That's why I saw many buses from other schools coming over after school today; they must be here for the extreme sports competition, right?"

Rosy nodded and said, "Yes, when I left the school, I saw students from Lingjiang University, Mining University, Jiangjin University, and several other universities had already arrived. The rest will probably arrive in advance tonight. Tomorrow morning is the opening ceremony, followed by a trial run and warm-up in the afternoon, then the competition."

Wang Yongsan nodded.

Rosy smiled mischievously and suddenly asked, "Since you said you want to be my knight in shining armor, how about accompanying me to the competition tomorrow?"

"What's wrong with that? I'll accompany you tomorrow, then." Wang Yongsan smiled.

If it were his previous self, he might have been afraid of watching those extreme sports, but now he wouldn't be.

After printing the documents, they walked back together.

When they passed by the hotel entrance, Wang Yongsan suddenly had a mischievous grin and said, "Rosy, you see how several classmates from our class are renting houses outside. We've been together for three years now; what do you think about…?"

Rosy's face turned red up to her ears, and she glared at him threateningly and said, "Wang Yongsan, don't even think about doing anything bad. I'm not one of those easy women; if you want to do that, go find someone else. I can pretend not to see it."

"No no no, I was just joking. Why would you think something like that? If it's not possible, then forget about it."

"Hmph, from now on, you'd better not even think about it."

Rosy shook her head and walked forward with large strides, leaving Wang Yongsan standing there shaking his head.

After three years of dating, he finally took the opportunity to propose this matter now that his intelligence has doubled, but he was immediately rejected. It seems like he needs to find a chance to ask others for advice in the future, so as not to be laughed at by classmates every time for being a eunuch.

After eating something on the way, they returned to campus together.

Wang Yongsan first sent Rosy back to her dormitory and watched as she entered the dorm building before turning around and walking back.

As he walked, he silently recited in his heart, "Open the points mall."

Suddenly, a semi-transparent golden holographic screen appeared in front of him.

Wang Yongsan was startled by this scene; he thought the points mall would appear in his mind, but it turned out to be directly displayed in mid-air.

He cautiously looked around, and two classmates who happened to pass by seemed unable to see the points mall's holographic screen, passing by him without any disturbance.

</div>


Chapter 8:
"Looks like only I can see this thing?" Wang Yongsan sighed in relief.

The golden Points Mall appeared in mid-air, divided into two sections.

One section was the Attribute Purchase Area, where one could buy physique, intelligence, and lifespan;

The other section was a massive roulette wheel with various icons representing abilities and superpowers, both permanent and temporary.

"A reward draw costs ten points, and purchasing a physique or intelligence also costs ten points. How should I use these points?"

Wang Yongsan was torn; ten points were simply too few.

At that moment.

A 'creak' sounded as a bicycle suddenly skidded to a stop in front of Wang Yongsan, and the girl on it was hot-tempered, cursing as she spoke: "Don't you have eyes when walking? What if you get yourself killed?"








Wang Yongsan was deep in thought when suddenly startled by what happened.

His gaze shifted from the Points Mall to the tiger-like girl in front of him, and Wang Yongsan frowned: "Do you even make sense? I'm just standing here; it's your bike that's too fast, isn't it?"

The girl widened her eyes: "Hey, you dare to talk back?"

Wang Yongsan looked at her; this girl was indeed beautiful, with big eyes and a pointed chin. Her face was so delicate it seemed like she had stepped out of a comic book.

She wore tight sportswear that showcased her perfectly proportioned and slender figure, but the girl's temper seemed quite fierce.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan noticed a tattoo on her hand; she looked like an undesirable girl.

"What are you looking at? Do you believe I'll gouge out your eyes?" the girl continued to yell.

Wang Yongsan felt humiliated by her yelling.

If it were before, he might have been scared and backed down, but now that his intelligence had doubled, he didn't lack the courage. He leaned forward and teased: "Go ahead, try gouging them out if you dare."

The girl slapped him across the face, but Wang Yongsan dodged it.

Wang Yongsan made a face and stuck out his tongue: "Nya nya, you can't hit me."

"Aaahhh..."

Chen Ran was genuinely furious; she usually bullied others, so how could someone make her unhappy?

Several young men ran over and surrounded Chen Ran, asking: "Young Lady, are you okay?"

Chen Ran kicked them one by one and cursed: "Are you okay? I'm being bullied, yet you said this guy was a coward who would pee his pants if scared. Why didn't he pee? Why didn't he pee?"

The boys were kicked and dared not move even if they wanted to.

Wang Yongsan now understood why the girl suddenly rushed over to cause trouble; she wanted to use him for entertainment.

Such a beautiful girl was truly detestable with such a wicked heart; Wang Yongsan disliked this type of girl and prepared to walk around them and leave.

"Wait a moment."

Two boys blocked Wang Yongsan's path.

Wang Yongsan frowned: "What do you want?"

One of the boys grinned menacingly: "What do I want? You bullied Young Lady Chen Ran and now you want to leave just like that?"

```


Chapter 9:
```
Wang Yongsan snorted coldly: “It’s clearly you who incited her to scare me, what do you mean by saying I bullied her?”

Another boy shouted: “Bullied her? Our young lady is the number one beauty in Lingjiang, coming over to interact with you is seeing you as someone important, don’t be ungrateful.”

“I’m sorry, I’m not as cheap as you guys, if you want to interact with her then go ahead by yourselves, I don’t have time to accompany you.”

After saying that, Wang Yongsan pushed aside the two blocking his way and tried to leave.

The other several boys wanted to stop him, but were driven back by Chen Ran’s command: “All of you get lost.”

She looked at Wang Yongsan, glanced up and down and said: “It seems you’re not as cowardly as the rumors say, but no one has ever dared to toy with me since I was young, you’re the first.”

Wang Yongsan frowned and said: “So what do you want?”

Chen Ran laughed, proudly saying: “I don’t want anything, since you’re so brave, dare to compete with me? If you win, this matter will be dropped, if you lose, just obediently let me slap you two hundred times, how about it?”

“Not interested.”

After saying that, Wang Yongsan turned around and left.

“Stop!”

“I said stop!”

As Wang Yongsan completely ignored her and walked further away, Chen Ran’s chest was about to explode with anger.

The several boys beside her didn’t receive her order, so they dared not go after Wang Yongsan on their own, Chen Ran simply rode her bicycle to chase him.

‘Squeak.’

The bicycle blocked Wang Yongsan in front of him.

Wang Yongsan got a little angry, angrily saying: “What do you want?”

Chen Ran puffed out her chest and said: “I want to compete with you in extreme sports, the event is up to you, if you can win me then I’ll let you off.”

“I already said, not interested, if you want to compete then find someone else.”

Wang Yongsan had already figured it out, this Chen Ran should be one of the members from Lingjiang University who came to participate in extreme sports competitions, thus it could also be seen that this girl was indeed spoiled, being so arrogant in someone else’s school.

But Wang Yongsan wouldn’t indulge her bad habits.

He continued to bypass Chen Ran and walked forward, but was chased by Chen Ran again.

Wang Yongsan continued to dodge.

Chen Ran continued to chase.

As they reached the boys’ dormitory, Chen Ran stopped her bicycle and grabbed Wang Yongsan’s arm to not let him enter the dormitory.

“Let me go!”

“I won’t, unless you agree to me.”

It was already night now, many people were in the boys’ dormitory.

Chen Ran was so beautiful, not losing to any of the three school flowers from Longtai University, yet at this moment she was pulling Wang Yongsan’s arm, acting like a spoiled brat, just like a scorned woman, the boys in the dormitory heard the sound and looked outside, all of them were stunned by the scene at the door.

“Isn’t that Wang Yongsan, that coward?”

“I heard he was just dumped by Luo Xihua, how come it doesn’t seem like that?”

“It seems this guy was two-timing, and got caught by Luo Xihua, that’s why they had a fight.”

“Ah! Who made him a handsome rich boy, being cowardly as a dog yet having beautiful women chasing after him.”

Wang Yongsan’s impression was always weak, so the boys in the dormitory didn’t deliberately avoid talking when they spoke about him, hearing so many people discussing himself made him feel a little embarrassed.

Moreover, if he continued to get entangled with this girl, what if Luo Yushan found out, she might really misunderstand.
```


Chapter 10:
Thinking of this, Wang Yongsan couldn't bear to continue procrastinating with her. He shook off her hand and said angrily, "Why are you like this? I've already told you that I don't want to compete with you. Can you be a little reserved?"

"Reserved? There are no such two words in my dictionary, big sister. If you don't agree with me today, I will live in your dormitory."

Wang Yongsan wanted to say something more, but Chen Ran directly blocked his mouth and said, "Don't think I'm just talking. Even your principal dares not give me face. I said I would live in your dormitory, and no one can stop me."

Wang Yongsan sneered. Who did she think she was?

However, this girl was too persistent. To avoid getting entangled with her too much, Wang Yongsan had to lie and coax: "Okay, you want to compete with me in extreme sports, right? Tomorrow is the day of the extreme competition. We will see the truth on the field then."

Chen Ran's eyes lit up and she asked, "Really? What event did you sign up for?"

How would Wang Yongsan know what events there were? He could only coax her by saying, "You'll know tomorrow."

"Are you kidding me?"

Chen Ran didn't believe it was so coincidental. She just randomly met someone who was an extreme sportsman, and this person turned out to be the legendary coward.

Wang Yongsan sneered, "Even our principal dares not give you face. If I dare to lie to you, let him expel me!"

"That's true." Chen Ran said seriously, "Then it's settled. We will see the outcome on the field tomorrow."

"See you tomorrow."

Wang Yongsan turned around and went back to the dormitory.

He didn't believe that Chen Ran knew the principal at all. What was going through his mind was: Tomorrow, I will rent a house outside and let this fierce girl not be able to find me. What can she do then?

However, as soon as this thought appeared, a mechanical voice followed in his mind.

"Ding! New task generated."








A mechanical voice sounded in Wang Yongsan's mind:

"Current task: Keep your word."

"Task description: A gentleman's word is as good as gold. Since you have agreed to this challenge, you must complete it even if you have to kneel down. Please participate in and defeat Chen Ran in at least one event in tomorrow's extreme competition."

"Task requirements: The host is not allowed to use any underhanded means. You must defeat the other party in a fair and aboveboard manner."

"Task completion reward: 10 points (points can be used to draw abilities or purchase attributes). Task failure penalty: 0.3 jiazi lifespan deducted."

"Special prompt: There is a certain chance of obtaining additional point rewards for exceeding the task requirements."

Wang Yongsan was stunned.

Ten minutes ago, he was still thinking about how to obtain the task, but now a new task had been released so quickly.

However, why didn't this task consider his abilities at all?

Before today, Wang Yongsan would feel shaky just watching extreme sports. Even now that his courage had undergone a breakthrough enhancement, he wouldn't dare to play extreme sports himself.

The most important thing was that extreme sports were not something that could be played just by having courage. It also required certain technical skills and had to be practiced for a long time before mastering them. Tomorrow was the competition day, and even if he didn't sleep at all tonight, it would be impossible for him to practice any real skills.

"It seems like I can only try my luck."


Chapter 11:
```
Wang Yongsan now has ten points of death-defying credits, which can only be used to purchase one point of physique or intelligence, not much use. However, he can use the ten points to draw a random ability once.

He can only hope now that he draws an ability helpful for extreme sports.

Opening the credit mall, he chooses random drawing.

Wang Yongsan clasps his hands together and prays to the heavens, "Heavenly Father bless me. It's up to you whether I live or die."

Ten seconds later,

"Ding Dong! Congratulations on drawing the physical coordination ability (permanent). Do you want to extract it immediately?"

The icon representing physical coordination flashes, and Wang Yongsan looks at it.

[Physical Coordination (Permanent): An ordinary ability that can be improved through training. With this ability, your physical coordination will greatly increase, allowing you to perform any movement within the limits of your body.]

What does it mean by "within the limits of your body"?

Wang Yongsan feels that this ability is a bit unreliable.

After thinking about it, Wang Yongsan calls Luo Yusha.

"Hello, Shasha, have you laid down?"

"Not yet. I just finished washing up. What's the matter?"

"I want to participate in tomorrow's extreme sports, but I don't know much about them. Can you come out and take me to see the scene, explain it to me?"

"Ah? You mustn't do anything reckless. Extreme sports are not something to joke about. Even without experience, breaking a leg or an arm is the least of it."

Luo Yusha thought Wang Yongsan wanted to show her courage by participating in extreme sports.

Although she hoped that Wang Yongsan would be brave, extreme sports had gone beyond the definition of bravery. Many projects were more like suicidal sports.

"I know, Shasha. You take me to see it first. If it's impossible, I won't risk it."

Wang Yongsan had no choice. With a mission at hand, even if he knew it was impossible, he had to try his best. Otherwise, he would lose eighteen years of life.

Luo Yusha didn't want him to take risks, but Wang Yongsan was firm in his decision. She had no choice but to agree.

The two agreed to meet at the western sports field.

There are many extreme sports, but limited by the venue, there were only four events in this competition.

Rock climbing, parkour, skateboarding, and mountain bike cross-country.

Luo Yusha explained as they walked, finally concluding, "See? Each of these sports is very dangerous. The protective measures aren't foolproof either. If something goes slightly wrong, it'll be terrible."

"Yeah, yeah."

Wang Yongsan frowned, looking troubled.

These things sounded incredibly dangerous. He wondered if his physical coordination could support him in completing any of these projects.

After sending Luo Yusha back to her dorm, Wang Yongsan returned to the sports field.

Fortune favors the prepared mind. He had to practice one project as much as possible tonight.

The night passed quietly.

Early the next morning, Wang Yongsan arrived at the girls' dormitory an hour ahead of time to call Luo Yusha out.

If it were someone else, it would be too late to sign up for the competition now. However, Luo Yusha happened to be in charge of registering participants and had taken back the registration list yesterday because of incorrect formatting, giving Wang Yongsan a chance to cut in line.

```


Chapter 12:
As the sun rose higher,  the campus gradually became bustling with activity.

The morning was dedicated to drawing lots for teams,  distributing numbers,  and warming up.

A total of sixteen schools participated,  with one to two contestants per event.  After receiving their respective numbers,  they went off in pairs or small groups to warm up.

Wang Yongsan rode a shared bike from the school and appeared at the extreme cycling area.  Seeing his number on his back,  others looked puzzled.

"Who is this?"

"He has a number on his back,  so he must be here for the competition."

"I guess he's participating in another event; who rides a shared bike to compete in off-road cycling?"

The extreme cycling event,  also known as mountain bike racing,  has specific requirements for each part of the bicycle.  The off-road cycling organized by the school was a simplified version,  but it wasn't something that could be completed on just any old shared bike.

Chen Ran,  the young lady from a wealthy family,  was also present and saw someone riding a shared bike from afar.  To her surprise,  it was Wang Yongsan.

"You're riding this broken thing to compete?" Chen Ran thought Wang Yongsan was deliberately being a prankster and sternly reminded him,  "Don't forget that if you lose,  I get to slap you two hundred times.  You better take this competition seriously."

Wang Yongsan frowned and asked,  "What if you lose?"

Chen Ran's expression changed slightly before she burst into laughter as if she had heard the funniest joke.

She pointed at Wang Yongsan with her slender fingers and said disdainfully,  "Do you think I'll lose?  What a joke!"

The people around her also stepped forward and said,  "Miss Chen Ran participated in the international extreme cycling competition for teenagers and even made it to the top sixteen.  She is recognized as the champion of this cycling event.  Do you really think she would lose to a guy who can't even afford a bike?"

Wang Yongsan snorted,  "Just the top sixteen and you think you're so amazing.  I guess people don't know that you actually didn't win first place, huh?"

"You..."

The man was defeated by Wang Yongsan's ignorance and was so angry that he couldn't speak.

It was an international competition,  completely different from a school event.  Although it was just for teenagers,  there were many strong competitors.  Making it to the top sixteen was already quite impressive.

"Alright,  stop talking." The young lady waved her hand and said with a cold laugh,  "If you can beat me in cycling,  I'll give you a kiss.  How about that?"

Before Wang Yongsan could respond,  the boy next to Chen Ran suddenly shouted,  "Miss,  please reconsider.  You are so noble; how can you kiss such a good-for-nothing?"

Chen Ran stared at him and asked,  "What do you mean?  Do you think I'll lose to him?"

"Not not not,  I mean..." The boy was scared to death by her stare and started sweating profusely.  He waved his hands wildly.

"Hmph." A disdainful voice sounded.

Wang Yongsan rolled his eyes beside them and said,  "Who would want a kiss from you?  You're too full of yourself."

Chen Ran almost spat out a mouthful of blood and shouted angrily,  "You bastard!  I've only kissed my dad in this lifetime.  How dare you say you don't want it!"

"Okay,  I do want your kiss.  What can I do?  I'm helpless."

Wang Yongsan shrugged his shoulders,  looking resigned and compromising,  which once again dealt a ton of damage to Chen Ran.


Chapter 13:
She proposed this wager originally to see the cowardly man's drooling spectacle, but she didn't expect that he would not only show no anticipation but also a very disgusted expression. How could Chen Ran not go crazy?

"Aaaaaaaahhhhhh..."

Chen Ran screamed loudly, pointing at Wang Yongsan and gritted her teeth: "You bastard, when you lose later, I'll tear your two cheeks apart."

Wang Yongsan laughed loudly: "I think you want to kiss me apart instead, right? You must have fallen in love with me. Unfortunately, I already have a girlfriend, so you don't have a chance."

Despicable.

Too despicable.

Chen Ran swayed, her head spinning with anger from Wang Yongsan's words.








Chen Ran, dizzy with anger, swayed and almost fell.

Seeing this, the people nearby quickly surrounded her like a swarm of bees, their faces turning pale with worry.

"Miss, are you alright?"

"Quickly send Miss to the infirmary."

Hulong hulong...

With Chen Ran's departure, half of the crowd at the scene dispersed directly.

Those who knew Chen Ran looked at Wang Yongsan with sympathetic eyes.

Wang Yongsan also began to doubt who Chen Ran was, why there were always a crowd following her wherever she went? It seems that it's not just because of her beauty.

The morning passed quickly.

In the afternoon,

1:05 PM,

At this moment, Longtai University's playground was already packed with people. The four events were conducted simultaneously in different areas.

"Look over there, there's a beauty."

"She's so beautiful, and her figure is amazing too."

"This must be the school flower of some school, I didn't expect such a beautiful girl to play extreme sports."

Smart students had already started moving towards the bicycle area, making the already crowded bicycle zone even more packed.

The competition officially began.

Climbing, skateboarding, parkour, cycling—each sport was thrilling and full of the beauty of a combination of strength and artistry.

The audience stands erupted with exclamations and screams from time to time.

"Next up, please welcome contestant 308 from Lingjiang University—Chen Ran."

"Contestant 911, please get ready."

Wang Yongsan was contestant number 911.

Among the cyclists, Chen Ran was scheduled to perform second-to-last, and Wang Yongsan was the last one.

The competition venue was a small artificial mountain, divided into two parts: speed descent and obstacle areas. The speed descent part was relatively smooth and required quick passage, while the obstacle area had deep pits or large rocks at every step, requiring quite high skills to navigate.

The speed descent part was manageable; almost everyone could pass it, albeit with varying times. However, not everyone could make it through the obstacle area.

Out of the previous 21 contestants, 16 failed at the obstacle area and could only rely on progress points.

Chen Ran, who had participated in international competitions and even won prizes, not only passed the speed descent part at top speed but also ran through the obstacle area incredibly fast.

"Wow, this beauty is so strong."

"It's only been five minutes, and she has already completed more than half of it. It looks like she's going to break the previous record holder's time."

</div>


Chapter 14:
"Not once did she touch the ground with her feet, her movements were swift and elegant, this champion is undoubtedly hers."

"Ah ah, beauty, I love you."

The stands erupted in thunderous applause, accompanied by the wild screams of many wolf friends.

Chen Ran emerged victorious amidst a sea of cheers, finishing the obstacle course section with a time of seven minutes and three seconds.

"Contestant number 308, speed descent section time of three minutes and one second, obstacle course section time of seven minutes and three seconds, total time of ten minutes and four seconds, result valid; current ranking, first place."

A chorus of cheers erupted once again.

Chen Ran was overjoyed, strutting past Wang Yongsan like a proud peacock.

As she passed by, she raised her hand and made a slapping motion towards Wang Yongsan, mouthing the rhythmic sounds: "pia, pia, pia."

Wang Yongsan scoffed, his lips curling in disdain.

"What? Still not convinced at this point? With your broken shared bicycle, you can't even jump over the obstacles, right?"

Chen Ran's triumph was well-founded. Her mountain bike had superior tire elasticity compared to regular bicycles, and the pedals could grip her feet, allowing her to propel herself and the bike into jumps.

However, shared bicycles were incapable of such feats.

"Next up is the final contestant, 911 from Longtai University, Wang Yongsan."

The loudspeaker announcement was met with laughter from the audience.

"Wang Yongsan, is that the coward?"

"Who else could it be but him? There's only one person in our school with that name."

"A monster, how dare he participate in extreme sports?"

"Hahahaha, look, that coward is actually riding a shared bicycle onto the field."

As soon as they saw Wang Yongsan's shared bicycle, the audience erupted into a frenzy.

In the front row of the stands, Luo Yusha clenched her hands tightly together. She watched Wang Yongsan, who was checking his shared bicycle at the starting point not far away, her heart pounding with anxiety.

She feared that Wang Yongsan would get hurt and even more so that he would be ridiculed by so many people, potentially leaving him with psychological scars.

"If only I had insisted on not letting him participate."

Luo Yusha regretted her decision, but at this point, there was no way for her to stop the race.

At the starting point, Wang Yongsan was ready.

In fact, he had prepared himself quite well the night before.

With the help of his improved body coordination, he had made remarkable progress in just one night. Initially, he was worried that his speed might not match others', but after watching all the previous contestants, he now had full confidence.

Raise hand,

Start timer.

Wang Yongsan leaned forward slightly, using inertia to rapidly increase his bicycle's speed to its maximum.

Ten meters.

Twenty meters.

Thirty meters.

He was still accelerating.

It should be noted that although it's a speed descent, since it's a mountain bike race, there will inevitably be some twists and turns on the track. To perfectly navigate this section, first is to maintain control of the bicycle, and secondly comes speed.

None of the contestants who participated in the extreme mountain bike descent had continuously accelerated for thirty meters, yet Wang Yongsan did just that.

The spectators in the stands were stunned.


Chapter 15:
After the competition, even the contestants were shocked.

"He's doomed."

"Thirty meters and still accelerating, he won't make it through the first bend."

"Is this guy an idiot? But his courage is really admirable."

Chen Ran was also extremely nervous, muttering curses under his breath: "Damn it, would you rather commit suicide than get slapped in the face?"

Everyone thought Wang Yongsan was doomed.

As he approached the first bend, everyone held their breaths; life or death would be decided in the next second. At this moment, time on the entire playground seemed to slow down significantly.

"Now!"

Wang Yongsan's eyes suddenly widened, and his body twisted to the right. His left hand squeezed the brake down to its limit.

A "scrape" sound was heard, and the entire bicycle went horizontal.

"Drift!"

Seeing Wang Yongsan's action, Chen Ran was the first to shout.

This is a move from trick cycling, but in off-road cycling, few dare to use it because one false move could lead to disastrous results.

Chen Ran rarely saw such a maneuver at international competitions, yet here it was performed by someone known as a coward using a shared bike.

"Swish."

The two wheels slid sideways across the bend, and the drift was successful.

Wow...

It took three or four seconds before the people on the stands realized what had happened.

They didn't know how difficult it was, but Wang Yongsan's technique was undoubtedly the most spectacular so far.

The applause on the stands lasted for a long time, and Wang Yongsan's speed was getting faster.

2 minutes and 35 seconds.

Wang Yongsan passed the downhill section 26 seconds faster than Chen Ran's time.

But it wasn't over yet; after passing the downhill section, Wang Yongsan accelerated towards the obstacle course.

Ahead were the "giant pit" and "giant rock," there wasn't time to slow down, yet he was accelerating.

"What is he doing?"

"Is he really going to do it?"

"He's getting too full of himself."

"Yongsan, don't do it!"

The atmosphere became tense again.

In the next second, Wang Yongsan suddenly pulled up on the handlebars hard, and both he and his bike flew into the air.

The audience's hearts soared with him, over the "giant pit" and across the "giant rock." He landed on a slope only about 10 inches wider than his tires, then slowed down desperately, barely stopping at the end of the course.

"..."

There was silence on the scene.

It took a long time before someone asked in confusion, "Is it over?"

Wang Yongsan was indeed standing at the finish line now.

But the key was that he seemed to have done nothing; just flying once got him to the finish line. How should this be counted?








"Whew~hiss~~"

Wang Yongsan panted heavily; his physical fitness was only 4 points, weaker than the average male student. Doing all this had exhausted him.

He looked at the scoreboard and shouted, "Hey, why is the time still running? I've already reached the finish line."

The scorer was also stunned; it was only after hearing Wang Yongsan's shout that he snapped back to his senses and hurriedly pressed the stop button.

25 seconds.


Chapter 16:
Almost twenty seconds of that was because the scorekeeper was stunned and ran past.

The crowd on the stands only erupted into cheers when the time was displayed. Wang Yongsan's performance could no longer be described as thrilling; it was outright reckless and suicidal.

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly. His physique wasn't good, nor was his bicycle's performance. He could only resort to such methods to cheat, but fortunately, the coordination ability given by the system was impressive. He would definitely be first now.

As he walked back, when he passed Chen Ran, Wang Yongsan imitated her earlier action and puffed out his chest. His mouth was smiling as he made a kissing gesture.

Chen Ran's teeth were almost crushed from anger.

She didn't like losing, but she wasn't someone who couldn't bear defeat. What really bothered her was Wang Yongsan's triumphant expression.

"Why are you looking at me with such an admiring gaze? Even if you want to kiss me, I'll only let you do it in a secluded place. After all, I'm quite reserved." Wang Yongsan said with a smirk.

Even a fool could see that Chen Ran's expression was one of anger; Wang Yongsan was deliberately trying to disgust her.

Chen Ran was so angry with Wang Yongsan's smirking face that she couldn't stand it.

Although her temper was fierce, she always kept her word. She gritted her teeth and said, "Don't talk nonsense. Since I, Chen Ran, have spoken, my words are always valid. If I say I'll kiss you, I will. Turn your face over here."

The two male classmates beside her were startled by Chen Ran's words and quickly stepped forward to persuade her.

"No, Miss! This is your first kiss!"

"Miss, don't be impulsive. Let us handle this matter."

Chen Ran kicked them away with a "bang": "Get lost! I, Chen Ran, always keep my word. It's just a kiss; I'll treat it as kissing a dog!"

What the hell? Calling me a dog? I'm a handsome and wealthy young man!

While others treated Chen Ran as a young lady, Wang Yongsan didn't indulge her. He sneered and said, "Can you stop daydreaming? Do you really think I'll let you kiss me for free? Disgusting!"

"Disgusting? You actually dare to say my kiss is disgusting?" Chen Ran widened her eyes in disbelief.

Wang Yongsan deliberately said, "Yes! Look at how skinny you are; there's not an ounce of fat on your body. Your face is so small that it can't even fit a slap from me. Besides your third-rate figure, you even dare to tattoo on your wrist and have a few people following behind you calling you 'Miss'. Do you really think you're some big shot?"

The two classmates who followed Chen Ran were unhappy. As someone who treated Miss as a young lady, it was their shame for someone to speak to her like this.

They surrounded Wang Yongsan from both sides, frowning and glaring at him:

"Who do you think we are? Hired help?"

"Do you know who Miss is? She's..."

"Be quiet!" Chen Ran shouted loudly, silencing the two followers before looking at Wang Yongsan: "I, Chen Ran, am a man of my word. I won't use my status to suppress others. Turn your face over here quickly; I will fulfill our agreement."

Wang Yongsan had Luo Yusha; there was no way he would accept Chen Ran's kiss.

He shook his head and said, "I already told you; I don't want your kiss. Let's just treat the bet as a joke. Goodbye."

"Stop!"

Chen Ran suddenly realized and said, "I know now. You must be aware of my identity, so you don't dare to defile me. Let me say it again; I, Chen Ran, am a man of my word. After today, I guarantee no one will come to trouble you because of this matter."

```


Chapter 17:
My goodness, why is this girl so full of herself?

Wang Yongsan was truly impressed by her.

Chen Ran waved his hand, and the two followers immediately blocked the way out.

Wang Yongsan had no choice but to concede: "Miss, how about this? You owe me a kiss now. When I want it one day, you can give it to me then?"

"No way." Chen Ran said arrogantly, "It's always others who owe me; I have never owed anyone before."

Your uncle!

I think you like me and are deliberately using this as an excuse to kiss me.

Wang Yongsan sighed and said, "Why don't we change the bet? You accompany me to complete the remaining three projects as well. Pretend to lose to me, and that will cancel out this kiss, okay?"

The system task mentioned that completing the task beyond expectations would yield additional bonus points.

Since he had already met the conditions for completing the task, but it did not automatically prompt completion, it was clear that it provided an opportunity for him to complete the task beyond expectations. If he could win Chen Ran in all four projects, the reward would undoubtedly be much greater.

Chen Ran's eyes lit up: "That's right! We can continue competing, but I don't like losing. In the next three rounds, I will win you so badly that you won't know up from down."

Wang Yongsan quickly said, "That won't do. You still owe me a kiss. You must lose this round."

He didn't know any extreme sports at all. He participated in the mountain bike race because he often rode a bicycle when he was in school and was somewhat proficient in it. For the other projects, although his physique was slightly lower than average at 4 points, he couldn't say for sure that he would win.

Especially rock climbing, which required considerable physical strength. How could Wang Yongsan, with a physique of only 4 points, possibly climb it?

Chen Ran sneered: "I won't say that I'm bullying you. In this round, I will give you two points. As long as you can win one of the next three rounds, not only will I kiss you on the spot, but I will also agree to be your girlfriend. But if you lose all three rounds, then I will slap you 200 times!"

Oh my god!

Wang Yongsan's heart was filled with a million grass-mud horses galloping past.

Who wants you to be my girlfriend? I haven't lived enough yet! Can't you give a better bet?

You are not sincere at all.

However, Wang Yongsan was confident in his physical coordination and believed that he could definitely win the parkour.

If he practiced a bit on the skateboard, there was also a high chance of winning. Only rock climbing seemed less promising.

"Okay, I agree. But I don't want you to be my girlfriend. If I win one round, I want you to be my follower. When I say go east, you can't go west; when I say sit down, you can't stand up." Wang Yongsan was afraid that if he won, this woman would take the opportunity to cling to him.

"Hmph, let's see if you can win first!" Chen Ran looked disdainful.

She was most proficient in mountain bike racing, but she also played other extreme sports well. Not only these four projects on the scene, but also water skiing, mountain climbing, parachuting, gliding wing, and so on. She was proficient in all of them.

Her family had specially organized an extreme sports team for her hobbies, including 20 people who accompanied her to school. Each of these peers also knew how to play some extreme sports.

Now that the other three competitions were still ongoing, Wang Yongsan's competition with Chen Ran could only be postponed.

The two agreed to compete alone after dinner.


Chapter 18:
Wang Yongsan looked at the time: it was ten minutes to four, and there were less than two hours until dinner. He had to seize the opportunity to practice parkour and skateboarding. As for rock climbing, he had already automatically ignored it.

"Yongsan."

After the award ceremony, Wang Yongsan found Luo Yusha. As soon as they met, she excitedly threw herself into his arms.

"Hehe, wasn't my performance today great?" Wang Yongsan held his beloved in his arms and proudly reported.

Luo Yusha pretended to be angry and punched him in the chest: "Don't even mention it. Next time, don't be so desperate. What if you make a mistake? No one can guarantee success 100% of the time."

Although her anger was feigned, everyone could see the concern in Luo Yusha's eyes.

Wang Yongsan was touched and said, "Don't worry; I want to grow old with you. How could I make a mistake?"

"Go away!" Luo Yusha laughed and scolded, then her expression turned serious: "I'm being serious. Don't do such dangerous things in the future; I'll worry about you."

"Okay, okay, I'll listen to you."

Wang Yongsan said this, but in his heart, he felt helpless.

With the Not Doing Will Die System, there might be times in the future when he couldn't help but seek death.

It was just the beginning, and tasks might be relatively simple now. But as he completed more tasks, there might be truly life-and-death missions.

The time quickly reached 5:40, and there were only five minutes left until dinner.

Wang Yongsan lied to Luo Yusha and secretly returned to the extreme sports venue, which had not yet been dismantled. He saw Chen Ran, the young lady, and her six entourages waiting there at a glance.








Luo Yusha always felt a little restless, as if something was about to happen.

She had dinner with another girl who noticed her unusual state and asked softly: "Shasha, what's wrong? Are you feeling unwell?"

Luo Yusha shook her head: "It's nothing; I just feel a little stuffy in my heart."

At that moment, two boys passed by her side, talking and laughing.

"That girl from Linjiang University is really beautiful."

"Yeah, and she's also good at extreme sports."

"But it's a pity; she'll be snatched up by that cowardly Wang Yongsan."

"Ah, isn't that true? Last night they were all over each other outside our dormitory, and now they're practicing extreme sports together on the playground. How did he manage to get close to a girl from such a faraway university?"

"Who knows? Maybe they knew each other in high school."

As the two boys walked away, Luo Yusha stood frozen in place.

The girl beside her had also heard what the boys said and cautiously said, "Shasha, are you okay? Maybe it's just a coincidence that they have the same name. Wang Yongsan is so honest; how could he..."

"I know."

Luo Yusha interrupted her and stood up suddenly: "Xiao Yue, I'm full. You can finish eating; I'm going back to rest."

"Shasha..."

The girl wanted to comfort her, but Luo Yusha had already run away.

No wonder he suddenly wanted to participate in extreme sports and was so skilled at cycling; it was all to show off in front of her, wasn't it?

I have to see how beautiful this girl is to make you fall for her like this.


Chapter 19:
Rosy ran with tears in her eyes towards the sports field.

At that moment, Wang Yongsan was both happy and frustrated.

He was happy because he had won two out of the three sports events, and for the last one, rock climbing, since Rosy had given up, the system of death counted it as his victory.

The reward for exceeding the task was very generous, a full forty regular points, which made Wang Yongsan almost want to laugh out loud.

However, what frustrated him was that despite his excellent performance, Chen Ran had completely latched onto him.

"Miss, please don't do this."

"How can someone of your noble status be a follower of others?"

"If the chairman finds out that we have taken care of you poorly, he will kill us."

The six followers knelt on the ground and begged, but Chen Ran remained unmoved.

With her jade finger pointing at them one by one, she scolded: "It's all because of you useless people who always flatter and accommodate me, making me think I am invincible. Otherwise, how could I have made such a fool of myself today? All of you go back and tell my father that I want to transfer schools so I can do extreme sports with my boyfriend here; have him take these useless people back. Humph."

Rosy just happened to run to the sports field and heard these words.

Boyfriend?

They have indeed gotten together, haven't they?

Then what am I?

Chen Ran ignored the followers' attempts to stop her and walked up to Wang Yongsan, looking like she had a deep grudge as she said: "I will keep my promise and be your girlfriend, but there are some things I won't accept. You don't have to think too much about it. Now, can you tell me your name? I will try my best to remember you."

Wang Yongsan speechlessly said: "I think you should forget about remembering me. Also, as we agreed before, if I win, you will be my follower, not my girlfriend."

Chen Ran gritted her teeth and said: "That's what you said, but I didn't agree. The only thing I agreed to was that if I lost, I would be your girlfriend."

"Alright then, let me tell you formally now that I have broken up with you. Goodbye." Wang Yongsan turned around and was about to leave.

???

Chen Ran was initially confused, but then she realized what she had heard.

She began to doubt whether she truly had charm or if it was just an illusion created by the people arranged by her father who always praised her, making her think she was exceptionally beautiful. Otherwise, why would this student from another school dare to give her a cold shoulder again and again? From start to finish, he ignored her.

"Don't leave."

As Wang Yongsan was about to walk away, Chen Ran became anxious and suddenly rushed forward, hugging him from behind.

Feeling the soft sensation on his back, Wang Yongsan was completely stunned.

Chen Ran hugged him tightly and said: "I am Chen Ran, I am the young lady. Without my permission, you are not allowed to break up with me."

Wang Yongsan speechlessly said: "Young lady, please let me go. I have a girlfriend; you are of noble status. How can you be a third party?"

Chen Ran ignored him and said: "I won't be a third party, nor will I let you go. I am the most beautiful; everyone likes me. Your girlfriend cannot be better than me. You should break up with her and like me instead."

Only a truly strange person could say such things, and Wang Yongsan expressed his admiration.

He had figured it out; this Chen Ran must have been spoiled by her family since childhood.


Chapter 20:
Not to mention other things, just from the fact that she goes to school with so many bodyguards by her side, it's clear how much her family cares for her.

Therefore, it's not hard to imagine that this girl might have never seen the real world since childhood. Perhaps everyone she encounters is someone her father wants her to meet. Otherwise, it would be impossible for her to say such naive words.

Understanding these points, Wang Yongsan's tone softened.

"Miss, my girlfriend is no less beautiful than you. At least in my eyes, she is the most beautiful. I've known her for four years and been together with her for three years; she has become an indispensable part of my life. I couldn't possibly break up with her to like you."

Chen Ran acted spoiled: "I don't believe it. You must like her because she is cheap, willing to do those things with you. Give me some time; once I like you, I can do the same for you too."

Wang Yongsan felt dizzy for a moment, wondering why she would persistently pursue him without any affection.

Especially when Chen Ran called his girlfriend cheap, which made Wang Yongsan angry.

Just as he was about to scold her a few words, Luo Yusha's voice suddenly came from the corner.

"You are the cheap one! The guy has already said he has a girlfriend, yet you still won't let go and keep hugging and kissing him. You obviously aren't a good person!" Luo Yusha spoke harshly, filled with anger.

Earlier, she almost thought that Wang Yongsan had fallen in love with someone else. Thankfully, she waited a little longer and heard the subsequent conversation. Now knowing that someone wanted to steal her boyfriend, she wouldn't let it slide.

Chen Ran immediately jumped off Wang Yongsan and stared at Luo Yusha, looking her up and down: "Who are you? Dare to interfere in my business?"

Luo Yusha took two steps forward, grabbed Wang Yongsan's hand, and said boldly: "Who cares about your business? I am dealing with my boyfriend's matter. Please don't come bothering my boyfriend anymore; we won't break up!"

Wang Yongsan was almost scared speechless when he heard Luo Yusha's voice. His heart rate shot up to 150, only calming down now.

He quickly agreed: "That's right; she is my girlfriend, Yusha. We have vowed to grow old together. Now you can give up, right?"

Chen Ran looked at one person and then the other. Suddenly, she sneered: "Alright, you two win today. But the green hills remain unchanged while the clear waters flow forever. I don't believe there is a wall you can't dig through in this world; let's see how it goes."








"Yusha, I was wrong. Please don't be angry; I won't do it again."

On a small road in the campus, Wang Yongsan lowered his head and apologized to Luo Yusha.

After the two of them worked together to drive away Chen Ran, now that their common enemy was gone, Luo Yusha immediately turned on him.

"What did you do wrong?"

"I shouldn't have lied to you, saying a friend asked for me when I actually went to the playground to compete with someone."

"And?"

"Uh~~ Also, I shouldn't have let her hug me and take advantage of me."

"… And?"

"And?"

Luo Yusha crossed her arms on one side and pointed at Wang Yongsan's forehead with the other hand: "And you mustn't hide anything from me in the future!"

"I didn't hide anything from you." Wang Yongsan said innocently.


Chapter 21:
Rosy stares at me with wide eyes, "How dare you say there isn't? When did you learn extreme biking? When did you learn skateboarding? When did you learn parkour? These things aren't something one can master in a day or two. You are so brave, yet you always pretend to be a coward, not even standing up when I was harassed. What are your true intentions?"

"Ah, you're asking about this? Actually I..."

I have nothing to hide from Rosy, and just as I was about to tell her about the system, a sudden "ding" sounded in my head.

"Friendly reminder: Host is not allowed to reveal the existence of this system to others. Otherwise, their lifespan will be instantly reset to zero."

Instantly reset to zero?

That means death, right?

I can't help but shiver.

Rosy waits for a long time without getting an answer, and urges, "Actually what? You should tell me."

"Actually..."

I think for a moment, and suddenly burst into laughter: "Actually, I like the feeling of being protected by you. Just like that time when someone was asking for protection fees, and you stood in front of me to help. I still miss that feeling a lot now."

In high school, I was even more cowardly than I am now. There was a time when someone asked for protection fees, and it was Rosy who stood in front of me to help.

It was also from that time onwards that Rosy and I started getting closer.

Hearing it's because of this reason, Rosy blushes and spits, but stops asking further.

Another day passes.

I send Rosy back to her dorm, and then return to mine.

As soon as I enter the door, my three roommates jump out from inside.

"Not bad, Third Brother. When did you start hanging out with the Chen Da Shuang from Linjiang University?"

"Old Three, you're amazing. Just got dumped by the Rosy School Flower and now you have another school beauty. Impressive!"

"Third Brother, do you know who Chen Ran is? You're now like a cow giving birth to a calf, it's amazing!"

I am puzzled: "What are you all talking about? Also, is Chen Ran amazing?"

I had guessed before that Chen Ran's family background might be very impressive, and now it seems like it might even be more than just impressive.

"Amazing? That's not enough to describe it with just amazing! Chen Da Shuang, the only daughter of Chen Tianlong, a figure who makes the whole Linjiang University tremble just by stamping her feet. You've been flirting with her, and you say you don't know any of this?"

I can only laugh bitterly, because I really don't know any of this.

Chen Tianlong is a provincial tycoon, and his status in the whole Lu Shan province ranks among the top.

I heard that he has three wives and eight sons, but only one daughter, so he dotes on her immensely. It turns out that she is Chen Ran!

"Look, your and Chen Ran's matter has already gone viral. This isn't the campus network, it's Linjiang News. You are now quite a celebrity!" says Second Brother Liu Chan while showing me his phone.

Fourth Brother Liang Bin also says: "That's right, Third Brother. You are now the object of envy and jealousy for many people. Be careful when you go out."

I think to myself, of course I have to be careful when going out!

Chen Ran said she would make sure we meet again. If it were someone else, they might just be saying some tough words, but this is coming from Chen Tianlong's daughter. So today's matter probably isn't over yet.


Chapter 22:
Wang Yongsan felt extremely regretful in his heart.  He had already seen that Chen Ran was not like an ordinary girl from a common family,  so why did he insist on competing with her?

If he had just admitted defeat and apologized slightly at that time,  it would have been over.  Now,  look what had happened!

"Third Brother,  why are you frowning?" Eldest brother Shi Tiancheng noticed something was off about Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan knew it would be useless to tell them,  so he waved his hand and said,  "It's nothing.  I just want to be alone for a while."

As a result,  the three of them exclaimed together,  "Who is Jingjing?  You were so close with Miss Chen Ran,  how dare you think of Jingjing now?  Do you want to die?"

Wang Yongsan was rendered speechless by these three friends who loved to tease him,  shouting 'ah' twice and rushing out of the dormitory as if fleeing.

On his way,  Wang Yongsan noticed people pointing at him from time to time.  He guessed they knew about the gossip between him and Chen Ran as well.

"Fortunately,  I have the Suicide System.  If I can draw a powerful ability,  even the Chen Group won't be able to do anything to me."

Thinking of this,  Wang Yongsan quickly found a quiet place to sit down.

"Open the points mall."

As soon as his voice fell,  a golden light curtain appeared in front of him.

With the extra points from completing his task,  Wang Yongsan now had 50 ordinary points.  He needed to decide how to use them wisely.

"With 50 points,  I'll buy two attributes first to see how it feels."

Wang Yongsan was still young,  so he didn't need to consider buying lifespan.  After comparing between physique and intelligence,  he decided to buy one point for each attribute.

"Ding! Physique purchase successful.  50 points deducted.  Your current physique is 5 points."

"Ding! Intelligence purchase successful.  10 points deducted.  Your current intelligence is 7 points."

His mind felt refreshed,  and a surge of strength filled his body.  After just three seconds,  Wang Yongsan opened his eyes.

"I feel much stronger physically,  and my mind is clearer too,  like I've just had oxygen.  It feels great!"

Although he only increased his attributes by one point each,  the effect was quite noticeable.

Wang Yongsan resisted the urge to buy more attributes and turned his attention back to the ability wheel.

While attributes were good,  abilities were not bad either.  Wang Yongsan had already experienced the power of insight and body coordination,  and from what he observed,  those were just ordinary abilities.

On the ability wheel,  there were also 'super abilities' like teleportation,  resurrection,  x-ray vision,  invisibility,  hypnosis,  and more.

If he could draw one of these abilities,  even if it cost him 100 attribute points,  Wang Yongsan wouldn't exchange them.

"Draw an ability."

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but shout loudly.

The wheel spun for ten seconds before stopping.

"Ding! Congratulations on obtaining Luck ability (one-day experience).  Do you want to extract it now?"

[Luck: By controlling your breath,  you can manipulate the oxygen in your blood to move towards specific body parts,  greatly enhancing the strength of those areas.]

"What?  Another one-day experience!  This is too unfair!" Wang Yongsan shouted in frustration.

He decided to draw again.

The wheel stopped,  with the pointer landing on an icon shaped like an eye.

"Ding! Congratulations on obtaining Cat's Eye ability (one-day experience).  Do you want to extract it now?"

Hearing this voice,  Wang Yongsan was almost furious.


Chapter 23:
```
It turns out to be another day of experience, with twenty points of death credits exchanged for two things that will expire after one day. It would be better to increase the Dao attributes instead.








At this point, Wang Yongsan regrets it too late.

He focuses his gaze on the cat's eye icon.

[Cat's Eye: Activates B-type cells in the optic nerve, similar to a cat's ability to compress and extract images in segments. It can slow down the movement of objects in front of you by a factor of ten at most.]

It is said that everything appears in slow motion through a cat's eyes, and it seems to be related to these B-type cells in the cat's eye. I didn't expect that human eyes would also have such cells.

With ten points of death credits left, Wang Yongsan decides to save them for later when he gets lucky.

After closing the points mall, Wang Yongsan realizes that he walked hastily and unknowingly reached the school gate.

"If I go back to the dorm, I'll definitely be asked about everything by Laoda, Laodong, and Laosan. I might as well go out and rent a room for the night. It's the weekend tomorrow, so I can look for a rental place and move out later."

Knowing that Chen Ran is actually Chen Tianlong's daughter, Wang Yongsan no longer doubts her capabilities. If he stays in the dormitory, he might be harassed by her.

Wang Yongsan walks out of the school gate with large strides, and suddenly a few people on the side wake up.

"Brother Hammer, look, it's this kid who injured us yesterday!"

A small gangster who was harassing Luo Yusha last night and had been beaten up, pointed at Wang Yongsan while standing beside a man with a labor camp hairstyle.

The man with the labor camp hairstyle is a coach from Tie Shou Wushu Club, and his real name is Li Daqiang.

Li Daqiang frowns slightly: "Where is his girlfriend?"

He came here not only to seek revenge for his subordinates but also because of the beautiful woman mentioned by the beaten gangster. At this moment, he only sees Wang Yongsan and feels unhappy.

"Uh, I guess they walked separately, maybe she's behind us." The small gangster bends over and says.

Li Daqiang waves his hand: "Let's go, follow this kid first. We'll settle him when we find a secluded place."

A small gangster next to him asks: "Brother Hammer, why do we need a secluded place? Can't we just go over and beat him up directly?"

"You know what a hammer is? Now there's a new deputy director of public security, and it seems like she's a woman. She loves to meddle in even the smallest things. You guys should also be more cautious recently and not cause trouble for our boss."

Li Daqiang curses a few times and leads his people to follow Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan goes around outside for a while and tries several places but can't find a place to stay.

Originally, there was a Speed 8 Hotel outside the school, but Wang Yongsan didn't bring his ID card, so the hotel wouldn't let him check in. He had to try some small hotels on the outskirts instead.

"Hello, how much is a room?"

"How many people?"

"Just one."

"A standard room is 80, and a luxury room is 120."

The cashier responds while playing with his phone.

This price is a bit expensive compared to small hotels, but Wang Yongsan is staying in a hotel for the first time and doesn't know about prices.

As Wang Yongsan is about to take out the money, there's suddenly a burst of laughter behind him.

"Hahahaha, it's like you're not taking the path to heaven but entering through the gates of hell. Kid, how dare you show up in our Tie Shou Wushu Club's territory? You're asking for death!"

Wang Yongsan turns around and his eyebrows immediately furrow.
```


Chapter 24:
None


Chapter 25:
The sound was so pitiful that it made those who heard it shed tears and those who listened to it feel sad. Wang Yongsan was stunned by his pig-like wails.

"Fuck, what are you yelling for?"

Wang Yongsan was annoyed by his wails and punched him in the mouth.

"Clatter," several teeth were knocked out.

Li Dalin cowered and knelt on the ground begging for mercy.

"Brother, I was wrong. I won't dare to do it again. Please let me go like a fart."

Wang Yongsan shook his fist and said condescendingly, "Let you go? I said I would beat you until you look for your teeth everywhere. It's not time yet."

Li Dalin spat out the broken teeth in his mouth with a 'puff', and then pretended to look for them. He also said while looking: "Brother, you see, I am looking for my teeth. Please don't hit me anymore. I am already looking for my teeth."








"Brother, I was really wrong. A total of sixteen teeth are all here. Please don't hit me anymore."

Li Dalin cried and cried, holding two hands full of teeth, kneeling in front of Wang Yongsan crying pitifully, looking really miserable.

Wang Yongsan didn't expect Li Dalin to be so timid, and the anger in his heart slowly subsided. "Forget it. Since you have such a good attitude of admitting your mistake, I will let you go this time. If there is another next time..."

Li Dalin quickly responded: "No, no, there will definitely be no next time."

Wang Yongsan snorted coldly: "If there is no next time, it will be the best."

He bypassed Li Dalin and prepared to leave.

Li Dalin crawled forward on his knees, smiling flatteringly: "Brother, you are here to stay overnight, right? This is our Tie Shou Wushu Guan site. You can stay here without worry. I will tell the boss, and he won't dare to ask you for money."

Wang Yongsan frowned slightly.

He was not short of this accommodation fee, and he was worried that if he stayed here, the people from Tie Shou Wushu Guan would come to trouble him in the middle of the night.

But after thinking about it, since he now has Meow Eye and Luck by his side, even if Tie Shou Wushu Guan comes to ambush him, he should be able to deal with them. There is nothing to fear.

"Okay, I will stay here for one night." Wang Yongsan looked at Li Dalin with a full face of provocation.

Li Dalin thought that Wang Yongsan had seen something, and quickly lowered his head.

The hotel owner personally came out to receive Wang Yongsan and took him to the top floor's luxurious suite worth 888 yuan.

To be honest, this small hotel is small but complete. The luxurious suite's various facilities are quite comfortable. Wang Yongsan soaked in the massage bathtub for more than an hour, and then played computer games in his room for more than two hours. He waited until almost midnight without seeing anyone from Tie Shou Wushu Guan coming over.

"Could it be that these guys are really scared by me?"

Wang Yongsan felt a little regrettable.

He used two experience abilities, but only beat up some small fish and shrimp, which was not satisfying at all.

He slept until dawn the next day.

After Wang Yongsan finished washing up, he went downstairs to check out.

"Room 333, how much is it?"

"No charge, no charge."

The cashier at the front desk waved his hands repeatedly.

It goes without saying that in front of this student, who even beat up Li Dalin from Tie Shou Wushu Guan until he looked for his teeth everywhere, if he dared to charge him money, the hotel owner would be the first one not to let him go.


Chapter 26:
```
Wang Yongsan chuckled, not insisting on the matter. He stuffed his wallet into his pocket and walked away with his head held high.

"Next up is renting a place to live. I'll start at the Mingyue Residential Area."

Before going to bed last night, Wang Yongsan had already noted down some good rental options nearby on the internet. All he needed to do now was directly call and arrange a meeting with the landlords to view the properties.

Taking out his phone, Wang Yongsan dialed the number of the landlord from Mingyue Residential Area.

"Hello, this is Lin."

A pleasant female voice came from the other end of the line.

Wang Yongsan quickly said, "Hello, hello! May I ask if you are Ms. Lin?"

"Yes, who might you be?"

"I'm looking to rent a place. I saw your information online and wanted to come take a look. Do you have time now?"

"Yes, I'm at home right now. When you arrive, just give me a call and I'll open the door for you."

"Okay, I'm on my way now."

Mingyue Residential Area was not far from the school and Wang Yongsan arrived on foot.

Building 88, here we are.

Wang Yongsan dialed the number again. This time, the other party didn't pick up; after a few rings, the doorbell 'clicked' and opened from inside.

Wang Yongsan entered and took the elevator directly to the 11th floor. As soon as he stepped out of the elevator, he saw that the door to the west unit was slightly ajar.

"Dong dong dong!"

"Please come in."

The voice was pleasant and sounded quite young.

Wang Yongsan pushed the door open, and the girl inside also came out from another room at that moment.

"Hey, it's you?" The girl saw Wang Yongsan and immediately covered her mouth in surprise.

Wang Yongsan recognized the girl too and exclaimed, "You're that school beauty, what was her name again..."

"Lin Sisi."

Lin Sisi pouted, feeling somewhat unhappy. If this guy knew her name, why would he dare not know her full name as the school beauty? That's just infuriating!

"Oh, oh, I have a bad memory and forgot." Wang Yongsan scratched his head and laughed awkwardly.

Lin Sisi asked, "Classmate Wang, why did you come out to rent a place? Are you living alone?"

Wang Yongsan nodded, "Yes, are you also living by yourself outside? Or with your boyfriend?"

Lin Sisi rolled her eyes, thinking to herself that this guy is really stupid. If she had a boyfriend, why would she still look for someone to share the rent?

On the other hand, Wang Yongsan had a girlfriend before but didn't come out to rent a place. Now that he just got dumped, he comes out looking for a rental. Could it be that his intentions aren't sincere? He might actually want to get closer to her, right?

The more Lin Sisi thought about it, the more likely it seemed.

She had moved out to rent a place precisely to avoid being pursued by guys and no longer wanted to be bothered by Wang Yongsan. So she lied, "Yes, I live with my boyfriend. If you have any objections, you should look for another place to rent."

"No, no, I don't mind."

Wang Yongsan waved his hands repeatedly.

Lin Sisi was surprised, "You don't mind that I have a boyfriend?"

Wang Yongsan smiled, "Of course not. You're so beautiful; it's normal for many people to pursue you. Having a boyfriend is nothing unusual. Since I saw it was you from the start, I've already prepared myself for a three-person cohabitation."

Three-person cohabitation?

What kind of statement is that?

```


Chapter 27:
Linda sighed and said, "It's all because of women."

Seeing his appearance, Linda knew there was a story and asked curiously, "What happened? Why don't you tell me about it? Maybe I can help you think of a solution."

Wang Yongsan believed her words.

Linda was the school flower, and there must be many boys who were relentlessly pursuing her. Wang Yongsan's situation was similar now.

Although he didn't have many girls pursuing him, having Chen Ran pestering him would be more troublesome than a large group of girls.

"I participated in an extreme sports competition yesterday…" Wang Yongsan narrated his experience from beginning to end.

However, he concealed Chen Ran's identity because he was afraid that Linda would refuse to live with him due to not wanting to offend Chen Ran.

Although Wang Yongsan already had Luo Yusha, he didn't have any thoughts about Linda. But living with a classmate would definitely be better than living with strangers. Moreover, there were few places as close to the school as Mingyue Community, and Wang Yongsan's first choice was still to live here.








Wang Yongsan was narrating his dilemma, while Linda couldn't help but laugh until her face turned red.

After holding back for a long time, she finally couldn't hold back anymore and burst into laughter with a 'puchi.'

"Hahaha, she fell for you, hahaha…" Linda laughed until her tears came out.

Wang Yongsan felt embarrassed and said, "Linda, why are you laughing? This is the truth. I'm sure she has feelings for me."

Linda laughed even harder, unable to breathe.

Until Wang Yongsan felt a little angry, she quickly suppressed her laughter and said, "Yongsan, don't be angry. Actually, I think you might have misunderstood her."

She patted her chest and said, "Us girls are generally more reserved than you boys. Even if we like someone, we wouldn't express it so urgently. So you can rest assured and go back to the dormitory. There won't be any problems."

Wang Yongsan felt troubled because he hoped Linda was right, but the other party was Chen Ran, who couldn't be understood by ordinary people.

"Linda, let's go see the house first. I have made up my mind about this matter, so you don't need to persuade me anymore." Wang Yongsan said dejectedly.

"Gah! See the house?" Linda was stunned. She had been laughing too intensely and forgot about the main task.

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Yes, I came here to rent a house. Since you are looking for someone to share the rent with, let's go see the house first."

Linda felt torn between two desires.


Chapter 28:
At that time, when she filled in the rental information, she didn't say that she must find a female roommate to rent together. Now when Wang Yongsan came to see the house, she was embarrassed to directly refuse him.

"Well, you can look at the house, but you know this place is a school district house. The rent will be a bit expensive."

Lin Shishi began to find other excuses, hoping that Wang Yongsan would give up because of the difficulties.

Wang Yongsan asked, "How much is the monthly rent?"

Lin Shishi raised one finger and then thought it wasn't enough. She raised another finger and said boldly, "Two thousand yuan a month, utilities not included."

"Oh, it's okay." Wang Yongsan said calmly.

Lin Shishi was completely stunned this time.

Longtai is a fourth-tier city, and the housing prices are very low. The place she rented was in a school district, but with more than sixty square meters, the monthly rent was only one thousand two hundred yuan. When she said two thousand yuan, it was purely to directly refuse to rent with Wang Yongsan.

But she didn't expect that Wang Yongsan was not scared away by this price at all.

[Lin Shishi, Lin Shishi, you are really stupid. There were rumors in school that Wang Yongsan is a second-generation rich kid. How could you use such a stupid method to refuse him?]

Lin Shishi felt depressed inside.

Wang Yongsan took out his phone and asked, "I didn't bring cash. Can I transfer the money through WeChat?"

Lin Shishi really wanted to say no, I don't want to rent with you.

But when she thought about the two thousand yuan a month, which would not only pay off the rent but also give her eight hundred yuan profit, Lin Shishi couldn't bring herself to refuse.

She didn't have Wang Yongsan's family wealth. If it wasn't for being forced, she wouldn't even choose to rent a house outside and would not consider renting with someone else because of the cost.

"Y-y-yes, you can."

Lin Shishi stammered in her reply, feeling like she was selling herself.

Wang Yongsan didn't realize that he had paid too much money. Although some other rental prices were only six or seven hundred yuan a month, Lin Shishi's place was in a school district and well-furnished. He thought it was reasonable to be more expensive.

After looking at the house, Wang Yongsan was very satisfied. He added Lin Shishi on WeChat and transferred six thousand yuan to her.

"This is the rent for before the New Year, three months' worth. Do I need to pay a deposit?" Wang Yongsan asked sincerely.

Lin Shishi blushed and said, "No need, no need. We're classmates; I trust you."

Wang Yongsan nodded and took the access card and house keys from Lin Shishi. "Okay, you go ahead and do your things. I'll go back to school and bring my daily necessities over."

Lin Shishi had taken six thousand yuan from him and felt guilty towards Wang Yongsan. She hurriedly said, "Why don't I help you move?"

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and said awkwardly, "Would that be okay? I wouldn't want to impose."

Having the school beauty help him move, it would sound quite impressive if he told others about it.

As Lin Shishi put on her coat, she said, "It's okay; we are roommates now. It's only right to help each other out."

By the time she finished dressing, she was ready to go.

The two of them went downstairs together, left the community together, and then walked towards the school.

Between Mingyue Community and the school, there was a crossroads.

When Wang Yongsan and Lin Shishi reached the intersection, they waited for the pedestrian signal before planning to cross. Suddenly, an old man in front of them 'ah'd and fell to the ground. He struggled for a while but couldn't get up.

```


Chapter 29:
```
Wang Yongsan subconsciously wanted to go up and help, but was pulled back by Lin Sisi.

"Don't go," Lin Sisi warned vigilantly.

Wang Yongsan looked puzzled and asked, "What's wrong?"

After observing the situation, Lin Sisi said, "This person might be a scammer trying to extort money. Let's not get involved in other people's affairs."

After saying that, she pulled Wang Yongsan to go around the man lying on the ground.

Wang Yongsan didn't react at first, but after hearing Lin Sisi's explanation, he thought it was very likely. He was about to follow Lin Sisi's suggestion and go around when suddenly a sound appeared in his mind.

"Ding Dong, new task released."

"Current Task: Golden Eye."

"Task Description: In today's society, morality has declined, and some elderly people behave disgracefully. Please find ten scammers within an hour and record their misconduct on video."

"Task Requirements: 1) The task must be completed at this intersection, 2) Host is not allowed to find 'actors'."

"Task Success: Reward 50 points of death defiance, Task Failure: Deduct 0.1 life span (6 years)."

After reading the task details, Wang Yongsan really wanted to shout 'Fuck' loudly.

Within an hour, find ten scammers and record their misconduct on video, and it must be done at this intersection without using actors.

How is this possible to complete?

The system still had some kindness, deducting only six years of life for failure, but even a small amount is still valuable. This task is basically impossible to complete.

"Wang classmate? Let's go."

Lin Sisi saw that Wang Yongsan suddenly stopped, so she pulled him again.

Wang Yongsan shook his head and said, "Lin classmate, I don't think this old man is pretending. Why don't we do this? I will go help him, and you can record it from behind. If he is really a scammer, we will have evidence to protect ourselves. What do you think?"

Lin Sisi nodded and replied, "That's a good idea. I will start recording when you go over there."

At the intersection, many people saw the struggling old man on the ground but no one dared to approach him.

It's not that they are too heartless, but society has been tainted by some trash, causing many people who want to help but don't dare.

Wang Yongsan asked Lin Sisi to move further away, and after she started recording, he went over to help the old man.

"Medicine, medicine."

The old man's face was pale as he pointed to his chest pocket and said painfully.

It turns out that the old man was not pretending but had a sudden illness. Wang Yongsan quickly reached out to help him take out the medicine bottle and fed him a pill. The pain on his face slowly subsided.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome, it's what I should do."

Wang Yongsan acted coolly and helped the old man all the way across the road.

He didn't notice that while he was helping others, two suspicious figures were whispering behind him about 20 meters away.

"This kid actually dared to help the old man? He's really seeking death. It seems I need to teach him a lesson."








"Young man, you are very good. Many people passed by me but only you stopped to help. Don't you fear that I might be a scammer?"

After crossing the road, the old man's complexion gradually improved as he asked Wang Yongsan with a smile.
```


Chapter 30:
"Wang Yongsan pointed far away, indicating Lin Shishi who was approaching and said: “Sir, you see, I have someone helping me record the video. Even if you are really a fraudster trying to extort money, I'm not afraid.”

The old man kept nodding: “Good, good! You are brave and resourceful. You are truly a fine young man. Your girlfriend is also beautiful, a perfect match for you. A couple of talented and beautiful people.”

Wang Yongsan scratched his head, blushing: “Sir, don't misunderstand. She is my classmate. I am not worthy of her.”

The old man laughed: “Believe me, you are worthy. I still don't know the name of my benefactor.”

Wang Yongsan waved his hand: “What benefactor? It was just a small favor. My name is Wang Yongsan. Sir, if you have anything else to do, please go ahead and take care of it.”

In his heart, he thought: I still have to help ten more elderly people who are trying to extort money. Please go and do your own thing so you won't waste my time here.

The old man had seen a lot of the world and could tell what Wang Yongsan was thinking at a glance. He nodded, smiling: “Wang Yongsan, the king is invincible, brave among three armies. What a great name! Since you have something else to do, I won't disturb you anymore. We will meet again in the future.”

“Sir, take care.”

Wang Yongsan waved goodbye to the old man.

Lin Shishi walked up to him, smiling: “Now can we leave?”

Most girls prefer boys with a kind heart. It's even better if they are smart. Wang Yongsan's performance just now increased his image in Lin Shishi's heart by a few points.

Wang Yongsan shook his head: “Lin classmate, I'm sorry, but I want to stay here for a while longer.”

“For a while? Why?” Lin Shishi was puzzled.

Wang Yongsan racked his brains, stammering to come up with an excuse: “Well, it's like this. I feel that our society is too polluted by some trash. Many people want to help but are powerless. So I want to spend an hour here, conducting an experiment with my own actions to show everyone that not every elderly person is a ‘rotten old thing.’”

Lin Shishi opened her mouth wide, unable to believe what she heard: “You want to seek death?”

Wang Yongsan thought, isn't that exactly what I'm doing? But if I don't do it, I will die even faster.

He sighed: “Lin classmate, I think this is a good thing. It's just an hour anyway. If you feel bored, go back to the community first. I can move by myself later.”

Lin Shishi stared at Wang Yongsan, looking straight into his heart until he felt uncomfortable.

“What are you looking at me like that for? Is there a flower on my face?” Wang Yongsan blushed shyly.

Suddenly, Lin Shishi smiled and said: “Wang classmate, there were rumors in school that you are timid and avoid trouble. The extreme competition yesterday already caused quite a stir. But who would have thought that you are not only brave but also very daring?”

Wang Yongsan scratched his head again. That's what he does when he doesn't know what to do.

Lin Shishi continued: “You are right. People's moral standards have deteriorated too much. You are alone here, and no one is helping you record the video. It's easy for you to be cheated. Why don't I join you in this moral experiment?”

“What did you say, Lin classmate?” Wang Yongsan couldn't believe it.

Is the school beauty so free?

Spend an hour to accompany me in this silly experiment?"


Chapter 31:
"I said I want to do a moral experiment with you. You are responsible for helping the old man cross the road, and I will hide in the distance to record it. OK?" Lin Shi Shi repeated again.

"OK, very OK!"

Having Lin Shi Shi help record was the best thing that could happen to Wang Yongsan, and he would be a fool to refuse.

So in the next period of time, Wang Yongsan repeatedly helped old men cross the road back and forth, while Lin Shi Shi stood at a distance like a stone watching her husband, occasionally raising her phone to take a picture.

"Hey, isn't that Lin Xiaojie?"

"And over there is Wang Yongsan, the coward."

"Could it be that Xiaojie has something to do with this coward?"

"It's too hateful. Why are all the good girls being seduced by pigs?"

"I heard that Lin Xiaojie's family is not well-off. Do you think she might be..."

The crossroads were not far from the school gate, and many students who went out to play on weekends saw Lin Shi Shi and Wang Yongsan's strange behavior.

A school flower and a coward, such a combination was bound to create topics.

Wang Yongsan also saw many people pointing at him, and he wished he could find a hole to hide in. But he still had his mission of seeking death, although he felt that there was little hope of completing it, he still had to try his best.

However,

As time passed, half an hour had already gone by, and Wang Yongsan hadn't helped a single person who pretended to be hit.

If it wasn't for the previous show off with the school flower, he might have quit this mission angrily now. It's not a big deal to lose six years of life anyway, he could afford it.

As an hour was about to end, just as Wang Yongsan breathed a sigh of relief and prepared to end this unlucky mission, a group of old men suddenly appeared in front.

Not too many or too few, exactly ten.

"Hahaha, Brother Hammer, where did you find so many old undead?"

"Idiot, it's hard to find a three-legged frog, but there are plenty of two-legged old undead. I told them that coming here to pretend to be hit would be protected by our Iron Fist Martial Arts Club, and they all rushed over eagerly, almost fighting."

"Brother Hammer is wise, Brother Hammer is powerful, but that guy seems to have someone helping him record over there. It won't be easy to cheat, right?"

"What are you afraid of? Our Iron Fist Martial Arts Club wants her phone, how dare she refuse to give it?"

Li Dahammers mouth curled up in a disdainful arc, revealing the few remaining broken teeth inside.

On the other side, everyone was watching Wang Yongsan nervously.

Ten old men came in a group with clear intentions, and even a fool could see that they were not here for good.

They acted as if they were having difficulty walking, but at the same time, they were afraid of being snatched away by their peers and had to speed up to move forward, making their movements look particularly ridiculous.

The two sides were still far apart when several old guys reached out their hands first.

"Young man, help me cross the road quickly, I can't walk anymore."

"I came first, help me first."

"I'm already eighty years old, one leg has already entered the coffin, no one can snatch it from me."

One by one they rushed forward, and some even directly threw themselves to the ground next to Wang Yongsan and shouted loudly: "You hit me, everyone saw it, you hit me."

```


Chapter 32:
He caused quite a commotion, and others followed suit, all falling under Wang Yong's feet, wailing that it was Wang Yong who knocked them down.

"I can't believe this, the coward is doomed now."

"No amount of money will cover his damages."

"This is great, now the school beauty won't have to be with him because of money, and we still have a chance."

Many around them were gleeful, mainly because Wang Yong being with the school beauty made them feel unbalanced.

Wang Yong cried.

He was crying with joy.

My dear uncle, I've been holding these old folks for an hour, and not a single one of them tried to scam me. Which goddess up there took pity on me and sent ten 'old uncles' my way?

Wang Yong really wanted to thank the person who helped him from behind.








"Ouch, I'm dying from pain. These young people are reckless, they don't even look where they're going when they walk."

"My old bones are about to fall apart."

"You hit me, you have to pay. It won't be settled without 200,000 yuan."

"Help! Someone's dying! Everyone come and judge fairly!"

The ten old uncles lay on the ground, each moaning weakly with their fake illnesses, and a few of them held onto Wang Yong's legs to prevent him from leaving.

Lin Shi Shi ran forward, holding her phone and shouting: "How can you people be like this? I have a video recording here, your shameful acts are all recorded on it. If you don't want to lose face, get up right now!"

The old uncles were stunned for a moment when they heard her words, but thinking that they had Iron Palm Martial Arts School backing them up, they immediately continued their performance without taking Lin Shi Shi's threat seriously.

"Ding, task completed, reward: 50 points of death value."

Wang Yong listened to the voice in his ear, as if he had heard the sound of heaven.

50 points of death value, not to mention the lottery, just buying attribute points would be enough for him to increase by five points. Who was this kind person helping him from behind?

Wang Yong looked around, and by chance saw Li Da Chui in the distance, who was smiling slyly.

"It's you."

Seeing Wang Yong discover him, Li Da Chui didn't bother hiding anymore and simply walked over, standing 10 meters away from Wang Yong.

His face was fierce and sinister, as he shouted menacingly at Lin Shi Shi: "Little girl, hand over your phone. If you don't behave yourself, don't blame Hammer brother for being rude!"

"You..."

Lin Shi Shi stepped back in fear.

Although she didn't know Li Da Chui, this guy looked fierce and sinister, with bruises all over his face. When he grinned, all his teeth were missing, looking like someone who had been fighting constantly for a long time. Lin Shi Shi didn't dare to offend them.

Wang Yong coldly shouted: "Li Da Chui, since you helped me out, I won't beat you up today. Get lost quickly, or don't blame me for going back on my words!"

Li Da Chui burst into laughter.

"Little brat, we're on the street now, with so many people watching. Do you dare to touch me? I'll call the police and send you to jail for two years if you don't behave!"

Wang Yong was speechless: "Don't you have any shame? You guys are a gang, and when you can't win, you want to call the police?"

</div>


Chapter 33:
Li Da Chui was left speechless, and he shouted angrily: “Young man, don't try to fool me. Now you have hit someone, I am the witness, hurry up and pay for it to settle things down, or else I will call the police and let you go to jail.”

Wong Yung San had often heard people say that if someone doesn't have shame, they are invincible in the world. Today he finally got to witness the highest level of shamelessness.

Taking out his phone, Wong Yung San voluntarily called the police.

“Hello, 911? There is someone here trying to extort money, right outside the entrance of Longtai University. Please send someone quickly.”

Just after hanging up, he heard Lin Shi Shi's frightened voice from the side.

“What do you want to do? Don't come over.”

“Little girl, don't move. Just hand over your phone obediently, and I won't hurt you.”

Lin Shi Shi was forced by Li Da Chui to keep taking steps back, and suddenly her foot stepped on an old man's arm, causing her to fall backward.

“Ah!”

“Classmate Lin.”

Wong Yung San had the cat's eye he used yesterday, and in a moment of urgency, it automatically activated.

Everything in front of his eyes became slow motion, and Lin Shi Shi's falling speed was also slowed down by ten times.

Wong Yung San had been held by several old men around his legs, but at this moment he didn't care about hurting them. He took a deep breath, gathered his strength and activated his ability, causing his legs' strength to increase several times.

With one step forward, he managed to break free from the embrace of several old men.

“Ouch!”

Two old men who held on too tightly were thrown far away by Wong Yung San.

As Lin Shi Shi was about to hit the ground with only twenty centimeters left, she suddenly felt a pair of hands catching her in the nick of time.

One hand supported Lin Shi Shi's head, while another hand wrapped around her waist.

So soft,

So thin,

So comfortable.

Wong Yung San couldn't resist and gently squeezed it once.

The expected pain did not come, and Lin Shi Shi only reacted after five seconds of what had happened.

Feeling the movement at her waist, Lin Shi Shi's face turned red immediately and she whispered: “Bad guy, why don't you take your hand away quickly.”

Wong Yung San was enjoying it, but he was startled by Lin Shi Shi's sudden voice. He responded with an “Oh” and subconsciously withdrew both hands.

“Pong!”

Lin Shi Shi's whole body fell backward onto the ground.

“Wong Yung San, you and Big Dummy, why did you let go so carelessly? Ouch, my waist!” Lin Shi Shi cried out in pain.

Wong Yung San scratched his head and realized he had made a mistake.

Fortunately, Lin Shi Shi was already very close to the ground, and it was just because of a momentary slow reaction that she twisted her waist. There were no other major issues with her body.

Pulling Lin Shi Shi up from the ground, Wong Yung San stared coldly at Li Da Chui while his fists made a cracking sound.

“It seems like I didn't teach you enough yesterday, so today I will give you some free lessons again.”

Li Da Chui boldly insisted: “This is a public place, I don't believe you dare to hit me.”

“Then try it and see.”

After Wong Yung San finished speaking, he took a few steps forward and punched Li Da Chui.

“Clatter clatter,” the remaining few teeth were also knocked out.


Chapter 34:
Li Da Chui was curled up on the ground, wailing incessantly: "Brother, I was wrong, please don't hit me anymore. Dad, Grandpa, you let me go!"

Wang Yong San had punched him over twenty times and kicked him more than ten times before stopping.

By now, Li Da Chui was barely alive, lying on the ground with his groans much weaker. His little brothers who had come along were watching from the side, shaking with fear and not daring to let out a single fart.

Wei La… Wei La…

The sound of police cars grew louder from afar.

A police off-road vehicle drove over and stopped beside the group lying on the ground. A female officer got out of the driver's seat and called out to Wang Yong San: "Who reported the police just now?"

Wang Yong San raised his hands and ran over: "Hello, officer. It was me who reported the police."

The female officer turned around.

Wang Yong San took a look and, wow, what an impressive female officer!

She looked to be in her late twenties, with a neat short haircut under her police cap. Her brows were furrowed and her eyes were clear, with a slight pout on her thin lips. Combined with her well-fitted police uniform, she had a unique charm about her.

Especially, the female officer's bust was incredibly voluptuous, almost bursting out.

"Bastard, what are you looking at?" Hua Sheng Nan's tone was harsh, her pink fists clenched and making a cracking sound.

Wang Yong San realized his mistake and quickly snapped out of it, scratching his head and grinning: "I'm sorry officer. It was me who reported the police just now. There's a small-time crook here, he brought ten old men to try and extort money from me. Luckily we have the video recording, do you want to take a look?"

Wang Yong San took the phone from Lin Shi Shi and played back the video recording from earlier.

However, Hua Sheng Nan completely ignored the issue of extortion and pointed at Li Da Chui lying on the ground half-dead, asking directly: "Did you injure him?"

Wang Yong San nodded: "Yes, he's that small-time crook…"

Hua Sheng Nan waved her hand: "That's enough, take him away."

Wang Yong San laughed and thought that this female officer was really efficient, taking people away as soon as she said it.

But then…

When a police officer took out handcuffs and asked him to extend his hands, Wang Yong San finally realized that the female officer was not taking away Li Da Chui lying on the ground half-dead, but himself.








As the police officer was about to put handcuffs on him, Wang Yong San panicked and stepped back: "Officer, I'm a good person! I helped you catch those extortionists and this small-time crook, how can you treat me like this?"

A male police officer nearby was impatient: "We'll investigate whether they were extortionists or not. Even if it's true, you beat them up like this without reason, which constitutes a criminal offense. Just cooperate and come with us for questioning, otherwise resisting will make things worse."

"Fuck, is there any justice left?"

Wang Yong San was so angry that he cursed.

Another male police officer, who had a better temperament, explained: "It's not that there isn't any justice, it's just that you don't understand the law. Just come with us first, if they really were extortionists and you helped us catch them, there might be lenient punishment for your actions."

Lenient punishment?

Why should I get punished when they try to extort me?


Chapter 35:
```
These gangsters harass girls without anyone intervening, collect protection fees without anyone stopping them, and find people to commit insurance fraud without any repercussions. Now that I'm taking justice into my own hands, I'm instead being taken back for a "lenient punishment."

What kind of world is this?

The female police officer beside me smirks coldly.

I suddenly understand—it must have been because I was staring at her chest too intently earlier; she's taking revenge on me.

Lin Sisi also runs up, speaking in favor of me.

"Officer, my classmate was doing good deeds here; he wanted to conduct a moral experiment through his actions. These people deliberately framed him, and even when he hit someone, it was because this person wanted to snatch my phone."

Hua Shengnan glances at Lin Sisi: "You're saying this person wanted to rob you?"

Lin Sisi nods, a bit afraid of being retaliated against, but she doesn't want to see me get caught for saving her either.

"Yes, officer; this person wanted to snatch my phone because there was evidence of their insurance fraud on it. My classmate hit him to stop him."

Hua Shengnan hums: "I understand; since you're involved in this too, come with me to the police station."

Li Daqian is taken away by an ambulance.

The remaining ten insurance fraudsters give statements at the scene, their identities recorded before they're temporarily released.

In the end, only Wang Yongsan and Lin Sisi are taken onto a police car, heading to the Municipal Public Security Bureau together.

"Deputy Director Hua."

"Deputy Director Hua, good morning."

Inside the police station, many people greet Hua Shengnan when they see her.

From their addresses, Wang Yongsan realizes that the 'bombshell' female officer in front of him is actually the Deputy Director of Longtai Municipal Public Security Bureau.

"Xiao Wu, take this girl to record her statement; I'll interrogate this guy." Hua Shengnan instructs the officer who came with her.

"Yes, ma'am." Xiao Wu agrees readily.

Inside the room,

The door is locked.

Hua Shengnan instructs Wang Yongsan to sit facing the door while she sits with her back towards it.

"Tell me, why did you hit someone? Be detailed about how you did it." Hua Shengnan says calmly, her face expressionless.

Wang Yongsan doesn't like what she says: "Officer, I've already told you; I was the victim, framed by insurance fraudsters. When I hit someone, it was to prevent a crime from happening. I..."

'Bang!' Wang Yongsan's words are interrupted by a loud noise.

Hua Shengnan stands up abruptly, stepping forward and staring down at Wang Yongsan angrily: "You hit someone, causing severe injuries; just this alone is enough for you to spend ten years in prison. Now, if you confess everything and admit your mistakes, maybe you can get a lighter punishment."

Wang Yongsan gets angry too: "I told you, it was self-defense; I didn't do anything wrong! So what if I looked at your chest? You're clearly abusing your power; you don't deserve to be a police officer!"

"What did you say?" Hua Shengnan says coldly.

Wang Yongsan blurts out: "I said you don't deserve to be a police officer! You became Deputy Director when you were so young; either your family has connections, you bought the position, or maybe...you got it through other means!"

Hua Shengnan's expression turns completely dark.

She became Deputy Director of the Public Security Bureau at a young age, all thanks to her own abilities; she hates being questioned without reason the most.
```


Chapter 36:
Flower Shengnan clenched her fists, her entire body trembling as she appeared to be extremely angry.

Wang Yongsan swallowed hard three times, unwillingly saying, "What do you want? You're not planning to use torture to extract a confession, are you? There are cameras here; don't do anything rash."

His hands were cuffed to the chair, so fighting would not be convenient. Moreover, since his opponent was a police officer and even a deputy director, Wang Yongsan could beat the other party if he wanted to, but he wouldn't dare to retaliate casually.

"I won't hit you," Flower Shengnan finally restrained her urge to strike and took a deep breath, saying, "I won't abuse my power for personal gain; I will only handle matters according to the law. If you don't understand now, it doesn't matter. You will regret it when the law punishes you."

Wang Yongsan stubbornly shouted, "I only know that justice will prevail!"

Flower Shengnan was about to leave when she stopped again. She turned back and looked at Wang Yongsan, coldly smiling, "Justice? What is justice? You have your own concept of justice, and I have mine. Everyone has their own idea of justice; which one is truly acceptable to everyone?"

"This..."

Wang Yongsan was at a loss for words.

Flower Shengnan continued, "Justice has no standard; the law does. There are hundreds of thousands of police officers in our country. If everyone acted according to their own concept of justice while handling cases, the country would descend into chaos."

"Hitting someone is illegal, no matter your reasons. The law clearly states that it's a crime; bad people exploit legal loopholes, so you think the law is unfair. But if the law becomes 'fair', bad people will have even more loopholes to exploit."

"This world is a place where the strong prey on the weak; honest people will always suffer losses. The existence of laws is to minimize these losses for honest people as much as possible, but if you don't respect the law, you will only suffer more."

Wang Yongsan was stunned by her words. Flower Shengnan's reasoning made him feel like he was an unrepentant villain, deserving of death.

Seeing Wang Yongsan lower his head with a look of shame, a victorious smile appeared on Flower Shengnan's lips. She thought to herself, "Little brat, I've been struggling in society for so many years. If I can't handle a student like you, then I might as well quit."

She was about to comfort him and extract the necessary information when suddenly, someone knocked on the door of the interrogation room.

"Who is it?" Flower Shengnan asked irritably.

"It's me, Director Hua," Xiao Wu's voice came from outside.

Flower Shengnan opened the door and frowned, asking, "What's wrong?"

Xiao Wu cautiously replied, "Director Hua, just now Director Lin said to let him go and apologize to this young man."

Flower Shengnan frowned, "What did you say? He caused severe injuries to someone; from the scene evidence, it appears to be the result of repeated attacks over a long period. Even if he was stopping a robbery, it's still excessive. Why should we let him go and apologize to him?"

Xiao Wu looked miserable as he whispered in her ear, "Because someone powerful is backing him; we have no choice but to let him go."








Wang Yongsan was standing nearby, and he heard everything they whispered.


Chapter 37:
```
He grumbled in his stomach, "Damn it, I almost got tricked by this female cop just now. She spoke so grandly, but in the end, she still had to bow down to the powerful?"

However, who was there at the top of his head?

Having a system that seeks death would be more appropriate.

Flower Shengnan gave Xiao Wu a stern look and scolded him, "Who is there? He is suspected of intentionally causing injury leading to disability. Who would be so bold as to protect him?"

Xiao Wu complained, "It's the Chen Group that wants to protect him. I'm also very desperate."

Chen Group?

Could it be Chen Ran?

Wang Yongsan felt a lump in his throat. This Chen Ran couldn't do anything forceful and instead resorted to soft tactics. She wanted him to owe her a favor, didn't she?

That girl was not someone who would easily back down. If he owed her this time, it would be difficult to repay the debt even if he sold himself.

No, her cunning plan must not succeed.

"Beautiful officer, I confess, I'm guilty. I don't want to go out."

Flower Shengnan was angry because she couldn't do anything about the potential rule-bending. Hearing Wang Yongsan shout like that, she immediately became spirited.

She turned around and her gaze towards Wang Yongsan softened significantly.

"Good comrade, you can speak boldly. What crimes have you committed?"

Wang Yongsan said, "I hit someone, I'm guilty. Beautiful officer, you must definitely help me. You can't let those people who think they have a bit of money and don't take the law seriously save me. If that happens, I will feel guilty for my entire life."

Flower Shengnan was moved to the point of almost crying. She grabbed Wang Yongsan's hand and nodded solemnly.

At the door, Xiao Wu was stunned. Was this a scene from "What Happened in This World?" Such an absurd plot could actually occur. It was too exaggerated!

Xiao Wu felt as if there were ten thousand grass mud horses galloping past in his heart.

"Flower Bureau, what do you think?"

Flower Shengnan turned around and said sternly, "What are you looking at? The suspect has confessed. Now we just need to follow the normal procedures, transfer him to the detention center, hand over the case to the procuratorate, and then go through the court. Finally, we will determine if he is guilty or how guilty he is. Such a simple matter, do I need to teach you?"

"But..."

"No buts, this is an order, carry it out immediately."

Flower Shengnan had a righteous expression. Xiao Wu was about to execute the order when suddenly there were voices outside.

Wang Yongsan felt that the voice sounded familiar.

"It seems to be my parents' voices, how could they be here? Did I hear things wrong?"

As Wang Yongsan was thinking this, the door of the interrogation room suddenly opened from outside.

Dad and Mom were respectfully invited in by a middle-aged man with several four-pointed stars on his shoulders.

"Ah, you little bastards, what kind of mischief have you caused? Comrade Wang is a good citizen who acts bravely for righteousness. You interrogated him without understanding the situation, and you even handcuffed him. Quickly take them off for me!" The middle-aged man said sternly.

Flower Shengnan was unhappy and stepped forward to argue, "Lin Bureau, he is a criminal suspect. You can't..."

"Enough already!"

Lin Bureau said impatiently, "What do you mean criminal suspect? You haven't even gone through the court yet and you want to convict someone? How did you become a deputy director? You made such a low-level mistake!"

"But..."

"Stop saying buts!"
```


Chapter 38:
Commissioner Lin interrupted Shan Shengnan again, his face serious as he said, “I've already investigated the matter. Xiaowang is a hero for his righteous act and moral model. He accidentally injured someone while stopping an illegal act. He is a hero of our city and a comrade of our public security personnel. Shan Shengnan, I order you now, in my capacity as the leader of this bureau, to apologize to Xiaowang.”

Xiaowang's parents hurriedly said, “No need, no need. It's fine now that the truth is clear. There's no need to apologize.”

The neighbors treated Xiaowang's parents with great friendliness, smiling and saying, “I'm so sorry. It's all my fault for not raising her well. Big brother and sister-in-law, please don't take it to heart.”

Turning to Shan Shengnan, she immediately changed her expression and became stern: “Shan Shengnan, apologize now!”

Shan Shengnan was furious inside, her teeth almost crushed.

“I'm sorry.”

“Speak up!”

“Yes, I'm—sorry…”

Xiaowang quickly waved his hand: “It's okay, it's okay.”

In his heart, he thought: Isn't Commissioner Lin deliberately harming me? Looking at the female officer's ferocious expression, she must hate me to the core.

Xiaowang was released without charge.

Commissioner Lin personally saw him off at the door.

Xiaowang's parents didn't breathe a sigh of relief until they were out of the police station area. They turned to Xiaowang and said, “Daryl, don't be impulsive next time. This time, it was fortunate that your girlfriend's family had connections; otherwise, with a case like yours, you would have been detained for at least two or three years.”

“Girlfriend?” Xiaowang was stunned for a moment before quickly explaining, “Dad, Mom, Chen Ran is not my girlfriend.”

Xiaowang's parents smiled knowingly: “We know, you are already in college now. We don't oppose you dating. Xiaochun is a good girl, beautiful and from a good family background; you must treat her well.”

Xiaowang had no chance to defend himself.

In high school, his parents forbade him from dating; he dared not tell them about his girlfriend. In college, there was no opportunity for them to know about Luo Yisha's existence.

Now, Chen Ran had beaten him to it.

Xiaowang wanted to explain further, but his father suddenly said, “By the way, Xiaochun invited us to lunch together today at 10:30. It's already past that time; let's hurry over.”

Xiaowang's mother also said, “Yes, yes, they are all busy people; we shouldn't keep them waiting.”

Xiaowang had no say in front of his parents and was dragged into the car, heading straight for the hotel.

Qingcheng Club, the best business club in Longtai.

Xiaowang's family was wealthy and often came into contact with places like Longtai Business Club, but usually only the lower or second floors. This time, Chen's Group invited them; they took over the entire fifth floor.

Xiaowang followed his parents upstairs after exiting the elevator on the fifth floor and saw two rows of neatly lined-up black-clad men standing on both sides of the corridor.

“Young Master!”

Their voices were synchronized, deafening.

Xiaowang and his family of three were all taken aback by this imposing manner.

They had heard that the Chen family used to be in the underworld and still held considerable influence in it. Today, they got a taste of it firsthand.

A beautiful woman was waiting at the door; Xiaowang felt familiar, but his mother exclaimed, “You're Fan Shuishui, the goddess from Goddess Legend?”

</div>


Chapter 39:
My God, Fan Shuishui! A first-line female star in the country, no wonder Wang Yongsan felt familiar.

"Uncle and auntie, nice to meet you, I'm Shuishui, it's a pleasure to meet you. Chairman Chen is waiting inside, let's go in and talk." Fan Shuishui's face was full of smiles, looking very affectionate.

Wang Yongsan was almost stunned.

He already knew that this Chen Group was very powerful, but he didn't expect it to be so powerful that they used a first-line female star from the country as a receptionist for dinner, it's really not someone they can afford to offend.








Walking into the elegant room, there were already three people sitting at the large round table inside.

One of them was Chen Ran, and the other two older ones needless to say were also Chen Ran's parents, Chen Tianlong and his wife Zhao Yuanyuan.

Wang Yongsan's parents were also businessmen, and when they saw the much more powerful Chen Tianlong couple, they felt a bit restrained.

"Mr. Chen, Mrs. Chen, nice to meet you."

Chen Tianlong's wife Zhao Yuanyuan stood up and slightly returned a bow, while Chen Tianlong just sat there, leaning back and waving his hand: "Haha, come on in, sit down."

He looked at Wang Yongsan with a scrutinizing gaze, somewhat displeasedly saying: "You are my daughter's boyfriend?"

Wang Yongsan stood there and said: "Uncle and auntie, actually I just met Chen Ran a couple of days ago, we can't be considered boyfriend and girlfriend yet."

Chen Tianlong looked at Chen Ran in confusion.

Zhao Yuanyuan was also a bit puzzled.

Wang's parents were also confused.

Before this, it was Chen Ran who said so, and the four of them thought that Wang Yongsan and Chen Ran had already confirmed their relationship as boyfriend and girlfriend.

But now it seems, there might be some issues.

When Chen Ran saw Wang Yongsan's reluctant expression, she felt a bit smug in her heart, thinking that threatening Wang Yongsan with his parents worked. But she didn't expect Wang Yongsan to say in front of everyone that he doesn't consider her as his girlfriend, which made her furious.

"You're lying, you are my boyfriend! Parents, don't believe him, he's just a coward. If you go to his school and ask around, his classmates all call him a wimp."

Chen Ran stood up and shouted, then quickly ran to Wang Yongsan's side, grabbed his hand and pulled him aside.

"Hey, what are you doing? It's not proper for men and women to touch each other casually, don't touch me okay." Wang Yongsan felt a bit disgusted.

Chen Ran shouted: "What's wrong with touching you? Holding hands won't make me pregnant."

Wang Yongsan was speechless by her boldness, blushing and said: "Chen Ran how can you be like this? I don't like casual girls, the more you pester me the less I like you."

Chen Ran gritted her teeth and said: "Do you think I really like you? I am Miss Chen Ran, as long as I give the order, the boys who pursue me can be lined up from Longtai to Linjiang, how could I like a wimp like you?"

Wang Yongsan said: "Then why don't you just leave me alone? I already said that last time doesn't count, why are you still pestering me?"

Chen Ran seriously said: "Because I am Chen Ran, I never go back on my word. Once I say I will be your girlfriend, I will definitely be your girlfriend, even if it's just for a week I will keep my promise."

Wang Yongsan's eyes lit up: "So that means, as long as you be my girlfriend for a week, we'll break up peacefully?"


Chapter 40:
Chen Ran nodded,  sneeringly said: “What do you think?  Do you still want me to follow you for the rest of my life?  You are simply a toad wanting to eat swan meat. ”

Wang Yongsan heard these words and was overjoyed,  even ignoring Chen Ran's sarcasm.

He repeatedly nodded and said: “Okay,  okay,  I agree. ”

Seeing Wang Yongsan so happy,  Chen Ran became angry again.

She was the young lady of the Chen family,  and this guy in front of her didn't treat her like a treasure as others did.  It was really too hateful.

However,  Chen Ran had other plans.  After suppressing her anger,  she said: “Although I will only be your girlfriend for a week,  after breaking up,  I won't announce it to the public,  and you are not allowed to say anything either.  Understand? ”

Wang Yongsan felt wronged and asked: “Why is that? ”

Chen Ran replied: “Because I want to use this opportunity to escape their control.  I want to run away from home and live freely,  like a fish in the sea and a bird in the sky.  I don't want to be a caged canary anymore.  So you must perform well this time to impress my parents,  and only then will they allow me to stay in Longtai.  Understand? ”

Wang Yongsan nodded,  then shook his head.

“I can keep your secret,  but what do you mean by performing well?  Do my parents intend to test me? ” Wang Yongsan looked confused.

Chen Ran had an expression of taking it for granted: “Of course,  I am the young lady of the Chen family.  How could I casually choose someone to be my boyfriend?  Anyway,  you must perform well.  If you help me pass this test,  I can consider giving you a reward. ”

Wang Yongsan asked: “But what if I perform poorly and disappoint your parents? ”

Chen Ran sneered coldly: “Then don't blame me for being ruthless.  I will make your parents' company bankrupt in an instant,  and then let them beg for food on the streets. ”

“F*ck,  Chen Ran,  you are too vicious!”

“Humph,  a man must be ruthless.  You better not slack off.  If you do,  I,  the young lady Chen Ran,  will definitely fulfill my promise. ”

Wang Yongsan was completely convinced.

Looking at Chen Ran's appearance,  he knew that her parents must not be easy to deal with.  Now it was good; if he failed the test of the two elders,  even his parents would be implicated.

With a bitter face,  he returned to the round table and was directly pulled by Chen Ran to sit beside her.

“Ranran,  what's going on between you two?  I see that Xiao Wang doesn't seem to like you. ”

Chen Ran's mother,  Zhao YuanYuan,  asked sternly.

Everyone else also focused their attention on the two of them.

Chen Ran smiled and said: “Mom,  I told you he is a coward.  He was scared by you guys and didn't dare to admit it just now.  I have already scolded him,  and if you don't believe me,  you can ask him again. ”

She nudged Wang Yongsan with her elbow.

Wang Yongsan could only pretend to say: “Auntie,  uncle,  I really like Chen Ran.  Just now I was a bit worried that you wouldn't accept me,  so I didn't dare to admit it. ”

Wang's father and mother both sighed in relief.

Zhao YuanYuan also smiled.

Only Chen Tianlong looked reluctant and snorted coldly: “My son-in-law,  Chen Tianlong,  cannot be a coward.  My dear daughter,  in my opinion,  this kid is not worthy of you.  Let's go back and find dozens of talented young men for you to choose from,  how about that? ”

```


Chapter 41:
What the hell, do they think all young talented men are cabbages?

Wang Yongsan thought to himself, with your daughter's fierce temperament, only a blind young talented man would fall for her and let her choose slowly.

This is really ridiculous.

Chen Ran insisted, "Dad, be quiet. I will choose my own boyfriend. You are here to get to know Yongsan. If you dare to bully him, I will see how I deal with you."

Chen Tianlong, who could make Linjiang tremble by stamping his feet, could only smile bitterly in the face of Chen Ran's threat.

"Okay, okay, my dear daughter has chosen him, so I will listen to you."

After Chen Tianlong finished speaking, his face changed and he became serious: "But if you want to be my daughter's boyfriend, at least you have to pass a little test. If he is too incompetent, then let him join our Chen family as an in-law and become the son-in-law of our Chen family in the future. What do you think?"

The last sentence was asked of Wang Yongsan.

What could Wang Yongsan do? He was also desperate, so he could only nod and say yes.

Chen Tianlong picked up his glass and drank the entire cup of white wine in one gulp before continuing: "My test consists of three parts: courage, vision, and comprehensive ability. As long as you can win any two of these tests, I will consider you qualified."








Chen Tianlong's voice was very loud, and it seemed like he had taken some kind of medicine. It was even louder than a loudspeaker broadcast.

Wang Yongsan's head shook back slightly from his voice, and after he finished speaking, Wang Yongsan asked: "Uncle, what do you mean by courage, vision, and comprehensive ability? I don't understand."

Chen Tianlong laughed loudly: "This is the way our Chen family has always tested potential sons-in-law. Let me ask you, can you drive?"

Wang Yongsan nodded: "I know a little."

Although he was only 18 years old this year, his family was wealthy, and he had many opportunities to touch cars. He learned to drive secretly before he turned 16.

"Knowing how to drive is enough."

Chen Tianlong waved his hand.

A seemingly cold black-clothed man who looked like a killer stepped forward and walked up to Wang Yongsan, placing the key of a sports car on the table in front of him.

Chen Tianlong said: "This is the key to a Ferrari. The car is parked below now. The first test I give you for courage—the way to test your courage—is racing."

"Racing?"

Wang Yongsan didn't understand.

The others, except for Zhao Yuanyuan, and even Chen Ran were also confused.

She only knew that the Chen family's test of potential sons-in-law required passing a test, but she didn't know what the questions were.

She couldn't help asking: "Dad, although racing does require courage to some extent, the main factor is actually skill. Yongsan just turned 18 and hasn't driven a car for long. This question isn't fair."

Wang Yongsan also felt it was unfair because he used to be timid and always drove very slowly even though he knew how to drive. If the first test was racing, Wang Yongsan felt that there was an eighty to ninety percent chance he wouldn't be able to pass.

Unless he could draw a suitable ability, one that would allow him to race well.

Chen Tianlong laughed: "My dear daughter, you underestimate our Chen family's testing experience. This racing is not ordinary racing but suicidal racing."

"Suicidal racing?"

"What is suicidal racing?"


Chapter 42:
Chen Ran and Wang Dad and Wang Mom asked at the same time, only Wang Yongsan had an expression that I knew.

Since I inexplicably bound this system of death, it seems to have been dealing with these things of death. It looks like this time racing won't be too peaceful either.

Chen Tianlong said, "Racing to death means not taking reaching the finish line as the goal, but breaking through limits as the target. On this road in front of the hotel, let Xiao Wang drive the Ferrari at a speed of over 120 kilometers per hour towards the west, as long as he can circle around the Guomao Building and come back, he will complete the challenge."

Wang Yongsan hadn't said anything yet when Chen Ran had already jumped up.

"Old bastard, you're deliberately making things difficult. There are so many cars on that road below, how could he possibly drive at 120 kilometers per hour and circle back?"

Chen Tianlong was scolded by Chen Ran and immediately became timid.

He quickly comforted, "Darling daughter, don't worry, I haven't finished yet."

"Humph, speak up if you have something to say, and let it out if you have to fart. If you dare to dawdle again, I'll pull out all your hair."

Chen Ran clenched her little fist and made a gesture of pulling out hair.

Chen Tianlong was scared and trembled all over. It seems he had been tormented by this daughter quite a bit in the past.

"Okay, okay, I'll say it, don't worry first. Actually, there is a simple way to complete the challenge too, and that is to crash the car."

Ah!!!

Crash the car?

Chen Tianlong continued, "This is a test of courage. What it tests is whether you have the courage to put life and death aside. If during the racing process, because of driving too fast, you crash the car into a wreck, it also proves your courage."

Chen Ran's eyes lit up.

If Wang Yongsan really crashes the car, then he himself will be almost finished too. This way not only does he complete the test, but he also makes him suffer. A win-win situation.

Wang Yongsan had repeatedly made Chen Ran angry, and now she hates him so much that she can't wait to see him become a cripple.

"Okay, this is a good idea. Yongsan, go all out, I believe in you."

Believe in your sister.

It seems that the one doing the dying isn't you, right?

Wang Yongsan wanted to cry but had no tears. Wang Dad and Wang Mom were also worried.

"Mr. Chen, why don't we change the test? If something goes wrong in this racing challenge, my son..."

Chen Tianlong waved his hand to interrupt Wang Dad's words.

"Mr. Wang, you do solar panels, right?"

"Yes, Mr. Chen, what do you mean...?"

Chen Tianlong said nonchalantly, "I've recently been considering an energy project. I plan to invest a hundred or eighty billion yuan to play around with it, but once the new energy factory is built, your solar panels and such will probably be quickly replaced. Do you think I should invest or not?"

A blatant threat.

Chen Ran was the one Wang Yongsan provoked, and he didn't want to see his parents in a dilemma. He stood up abruptly.

"Dad, Mom, don't worry, it's just a test of courage. I accept it."

Chen Ran clapped her hands and shouted, "Yeah, not bad for the man I picked. You go with confidence."

Your sister, this is wishing me death.

Wang Yongsan cursed in his heart and took the Ferrari key to go downstairs.


Chapter 43:
It's said that this is a racing challenge, but considering the current road conditions, even at his peak, Formula One champion Michael Schumacher would never be able to complete a lap at 120 kilometers per hour. Therefore, the only way is to crash the car into a total wreck.

"Crashing at 120 kilometers per hour? This is too difficult."

For regular vehicles, a collision at speeds above 45 kilometers per hour could potentially lead to death. Safer cars might withstand a higher speed, but even at 80 kilometers per hour, it could be fatal. When the speed exceeds 120 kilometers per hour, even with a seatbelt on, there's almost no chance of survival.

That's why the speed limit on highways is set at 120 kilometers per hour. Because exceeding this speed, in case of an accident, usually means death.

"Should I use my points from risking death to participate in the lottery and try my luck, or should I spend all these points on physical strength?"

Wang Yongsan currently has 60 points from risking death. If he spends all of them on physical strength, his physical strength will increase to 11 points.

According to the risking death system's introduction, normal people have a physical strength attribute of 5 to 7 points. Olympic athletes and the like might reach 8 points, while stronger individuals such as heavyweight champions or special forces commanders might only reach 9 points.

If Wang Yongsan has a physical strength of 11, he would be like Superman. Even if he crashes at 120 kilometers per hour, it's unlikely that he would die.

"But if I do this, all 60 points will be gone. What should I do for the next two tests of wisdom and ability?"

After much thought, Wang Yongsan decided to spend 50 points to increase his physical strength to 10 points. As for the next two tests, he could only rely on luck.

"Ding! Physical strength purchase successful. 10 points of risking death spent. Your current physical strength is changed to 6 points."

"Ding! Physical strength purchase successful. 10 points of risking death spent. Your current physical strength is changed to 7 points."

"Ding! Physical strength purchase successful..."

After five consecutive system prompts, Wang Yongsan felt as if his body was about to explode, filled with inexhaustible strength.

At this point, not only could he drive and crash the car, but even if he were asked to directly crash into a wall, he would be able to do it.








Wang Yongsan felt like he had become Superman, with every cell in his body filled with immense power. He confidently shouted to Chen Tianlong, "As long as I crash the car, does that mean I pass?"

Chen Tianlong shouted back even louder, "That's right! But you must crash at a speed exceeding 120 kilometers per hour, and you're not allowed to wear a seatbelt."

What? Not allowed to wear a seatbelt?

Wang's parents became anxious. "Mr. Chen, you didn't say that he couldn't wear a seatbelt just now!"

"That's right, Mr. Chen! Are you trying to get my son killed? We won't participate in the test anymore!"

Chen Tianlong's face turned cold. "Not participating in the test? Do you take my daughter, Chen Tianlong's daughter, as a toy? You think you can date her without any effort? It's too naive. Anyway, today either he participates in the test and wins, or else, you know the consequences."

Wang's mother stood up angrily. "We won't participate in the test! Even if our company goes bankrupt and we become beggars, we won't risk our lives like this!"

"Just becoming beggars?"


Chapter 44:
Chen Tianlong snorted coldly, "Not participating in the test is tantamount to harassing my daughter, Chen Tianlong. For such people, I usually feed their entire family to the fish."

A blatant threat, but Wang's parents believed that Chen Tianlong had the ability to carry it out.

Chen Tianlong was not only a wealthy businessman at the provincial level, but also had close ties with underworld figures. It was rumored that he had once personally dabbled in the underworld, and his hands were stained with blood.

Now, Wang Yongsan faced a dilemma: if he participated in the courage test, he might die; if he didn't participate, his entire family would perish.

Wang Yongsan took a deep breath and confidently declared, "Dad, Mom, it's just a courage test. For your son, it's a piece of cake. You just watch!"

After saying that, Wang Yongsan took the Ferrari key and strode downstairs.

Chen Tianlong laughed heartily and invited, "Young people are indeed bold. Come, let's stand here together and see where my prospective son-in-law will crash."

They were on the top floor of the clubhouse, where one wall was made entirely of glass, offering a clear view of the entire street below.

Chen Tianlong and his wife, along with their daughter Chen Ran and Wang's parents, all stood by the floor-to-ceiling window, looking down at Wang Yongsan below.

Wang Yongsan got into the car.

He started the engine.

He accelerated.

Oh my goodness, he crashed! He actually crashed!

Below, Wang Yongsan just started moving and accelerated wildly. At the moment when his speed reached 120 kilometers per hour, he suddenly turned the wheel and crashed into a tree on the side of the road. He knocked down three trees in succession, and the car was almost split in half.

"Daryu!"

"Son!"

Wang's parents saw the terrible state of the Ferrari and couldn't help but shout.

Chen Tianlong, on the other hand, laughed loudly, "Not bad! This kid has some guts. He actually crashed into the car on purpose. I wonder if he's dead or alive?"

Chen Ran also frowned slightly.

As a wealthy young lady, she never cared about other people's safety. What she was truly worried about was if Wang Yongsan died, she would lose her boyfriend and wouldn't be able to carry out her plan of running away from home.

Among the five people, only Zhao Yanyan shook her head slightly and felt a bit sorry for Wang Yongsan.

However, in the next moment, everyone's eyes widened suddenly.

The already tattered Ferrari roof was suddenly blown up with a "bang," and then a man in ragged clothes but exuding an undiminished aura jumped out of the driver's seat.

"He succeeded! My son succeeded!"

Wang's parents embraced each other excitedly.

Chen Ran also showed a smile on her face.

Chen Tianlong snorted coldly and shouted, "What are you so happy about? This is just the first round. There are two more tests to pass before you can celebrate!"

Wang Yongsan went upstairs.

Fan Shui had been waiting by the elevator, and when he came up, she personally helped him put on a new shirt and led him back to the private room.

"Mr. Chen, I think my courage test should have passed?"

Having been threatened by Chen Tianlong earlier, Wang Yongsan was no longer so polite to him. He had called him Uncle Chen before but now referred to him as Mr. Chen, clearly trying to distance himself from the other man.


Chapter 45:
"Hahaha, courage counts you through, but there are also vision and comprehensive ability next. I hope you can pass smoothly too." Chen Tianlong's eyes were unkind, his daughter was his life, no one could easily take her away, not even his prospective son-in-law.

"Uncle Chen, please set the question."

Wang Yong raised three fingers and made a gesture of invitation.

He could see that Chen Tianlong simply didn't want his daughter to have a boyfriend, and the question he asked was clearly trying to get him killed.

The vision test this time would probably not be easy either.

Sure enough, Chen Tianlong opened his mouth and left Wang Yong speechless.

"Our Chen family is big, and my wife and I have already agreed that after we pass away, our daughter will inherit the Chen Group. So as a boyfriend of my daughter, you must have the ability to see the future trend of development."

"Lei Bu Shi once said, as long as you stand on the windward side, even a pig can fly."

"So my second test of vision is, what will be the next windward direction in the future ten years?"

What will be the next windward direction?

Something from the future, how could an accurate answer be given now?

This is simply cheating.

Wang's father was also a businessman and complained angrily: "Mr. Chen, your question has a bug. We can't prove that we are right now about the future ten years, so how can we answer?"

Chen Tianlong laughed loudly: "You don't know, it doesn't mean I don't know. Anyway, this question definitely has the correct answer."

Wang's father was startled in his heart.

Although the Wang family could be considered wealthy, they were at most a middle-class millionaire, but Chen Tianlong was a top tycoon with fame in the country.

In the circle of giants like Chen Tianlong, although it was not big, every insider was an eye-catching big shot who could decide the future development trend of ten years.

Chen Tianlong took out a piece of paper and pen, wrote a few words, and placed it on the dining table.

"This paper has the answer written on it. As long as your answer is close to the answer, I will count you as winning. But this question can only be thought of by yourself. No one else is allowed to help, otherwise it will be directly judged as a loss."

With Chen Tianlong's words, Wang's father couldn't even give Wang Yong three pieces of advice.

Wang Yong was still in school and had not yet come into contact with the company's side, so to pass the test, he could only rely on guessing.

"I think, the next windward direction is..."

Wang Yong paused for a moment, took a deep breath, and the hesitation in his eyes became firm, and he shouted loudly: "Virtual game industry."

Wang's father slapped his hand fiercely, and Wang Yong's answer was exactly what he thought of.

Although Wang Ma didn't have as much knowledge as Wang's father, she also believed that virtual games would be the storm industry of the next ten years.

Chen Tianlong laughed loudly: "Excellent, really excellent, but... forget it, you still look at the answer yourself."

The answer was placed on the table.

Everyone held their breath, Wang Yong's heart was pounding, and his right hand trembled as he flipped through the answer paper on the dining table, which clearly read four big characters—








Wang Yong's heart raced, his right hand trembled as he flipped through the answer paper on the dining table, which clearly read four big characters—Genetic Evolution.


Chapter 46:
“What?”

“Why is it genetic evolution?”

Everyone had not thought that the answer would be this.

Father Wang stood up immediately, blushing and said: “Mr. Chen, your answer is completely nonsense. In terms of genetic science, I had the opportunity to understand some of it before. Since 1863 until now, six countries and more than twenty genetic research laboratories have completed tens of thousands of gene experiments, but they have been stagnant and there has been no progress. Even in the next decade or even century, considering the difficulty of genetic science research, it is impossible to become a trend.”

Chen Tianlong sneered and coldly spat out two words: “Ignorant.”

“You…”

Father Wang was mocked and felt angry, but he couldn't vent it.

The other party was Chen Tianlong, even if he cheated, he had the capital to cheat.

However, Father Wang couldn't do anything about Chen Tianlong, but Chen Ran didn’t give her father face and slammed the table angrily: “Old man, you must explain today why genetic evolution has a brighter future than virtual games?”

Chen Tianlong immediately shrank back and said: “Okay, okay, my dear daughter don’t worry. Let me explain slowly.”

Chen Ran snorted coldly and waited for Chen Tianlong to explain.

Originally, she thought that Wang Yongsan would win just now, but she didn't expect her father to give such an unreliable answer. The cheating was too obvious and absolutely unforgivable.

Chen Tianlong coughed twice and tried to restore his dignified image.

He said: “What Brother Wang just said is indeed correct, but you know too little about some hidden things. In fact, genetic science has made a breakthrough in the past two years. And this time it is not aimed at animal, insect or plant genes, but the evolution of human genes.”

“I can't say too much about specific content, but in short, within three or two years at most ten years, our world will definitely enter the era of genetic evolution from the smart tech era. There is no mistake about it.”

Father and Mother Wang still didn’t believe it.

Chen Tianlong's answer was too perfunctory, and Chen Ran was not satisfied with him either. She insisted that he explain clearly.

But this matter was of great importance and involved many national forces. Even Chen Tianlong could only be considered a small role among the insiders. Once someone leaked the news, even if he had billions of assets, he might not be able to escape punishment.

The situation was deadlocked. Chen Tianlong's answer was rejected by Chen Ran, and it was impossible to determine whether he won or lost.

In the end, Wang Yongsan conceded defeat on his own initiative.

“This time I lost.”

Although he didn’t want to admit it, Wang Yongsan should be the one who understood genetic evolution best.

What he was thinking now was whether the abilities drawn in his suicidal system, as well as physical and mental enhancements, belonged to the category of genetic evolution.

Could it be that he was actually a test subject for someone?

“No, my son you didn’t lose.”

“Son, don't be impulsive. This is not a joke. What if you lose in overall ability?”

Father and Mother Wang were very nervous.

Wang Yongsan said: “Dad, Mom, I think based on Mr. Chen's character, he wouldn’t cheat with us. If this is the answer, then it should be the answer. I concede defeat.”


Chapter 47:
The Wang parents looked utterly desperate, while Chen Tianlong burst into loud laughter.

"Well done, young man! I'm starting to like you now, but remember my word: if you fail the test, I will still teach you a lesson."

"Let's stop the chatter and continue, then!"

Wang Yongsan took a deep breath.

Now there was only one final test left, but he had no idea what "comprehensive ability" meant.

Chen Tianlong ceased whispering and clapped his hands, as three individuals entered one by one from outside the door.

Wang Yongsan turned to look at them: they were an old hunchbacked man, a robust middle-aged woman in her fifties, and a young man with a buzz cut who appeared quite spirited.

Chen Tianlong pointed at them and said, "The last task tests your eyesight and combat prowess. My Chen family men are daring fighters, but not reckless fools; thus, I want you to choose one of these three people based on your eyesight and fight them using your own strength."

What the heck? Three choices?

An old man, a middle-aged woman, and a young guy who looked quite capable—any fool could tell how to choose.

But would Chen Tianlong be so kind as to include two weaklings for me to pick?

Wouldn't it be more likely that the old man and woman were hidden masters who could crush twenty or so buzz-cut youths with a single move?

"Be careful, son. There might be a trick involved." Wang Dad cautioned from the side.

Wang Yongsan nodded and looked at them again.

No, that old man was indeed a master.

Wang Yongsan quickly noticed that although the old man was hunched, he stood like a bent pine tree, unmoving—his lower body must be incredibly stable.

As for the woman, she was also formidable; this could be seen just from her hands.

They were covered in calluses, and upon closer inspection, her right arm seemed thicker than her left—she was likely a martial arts master skilled in single-handed weapons.

So…

The remaining buzz-cut youth might actually be the weakest among them.

Wang Yongsan smirked, thinking to himself: You're trying to fool me with such a simple trick? This old Chen is too naive.

He pointed at the buzz-cut youth and said with a smug expression, "I choose this buzz-cut brother here."

Chen Tianlong's eyes lit up: "Oh? Why did you choose him?"

Wang Yongsan chuckled, "Because I have principles: I don't hit the elderly or women. And since it's about showcasing my abilities, of course I have to choose the strongest among them—otherwise, how could I demonstrate my fighting prowess?"

Chen Tianlong clapped enthusiastically.

"Excellent! You've impressed me with your principles. I give you full marks for this display of bravado."

Chen Tianlong laughed heartily: "Let me tell you the truth—this old man is my driver. Besides driving steadily, he's terrible at fighting. As for Auntie Niu, she's my cook, preparing meals for the whole family every day. That's why her hands are so rough with calluses, and since she uses her right arm for chopping vegetables and meat, it looks particularly thick."

"I saw your observations earlier, but do you think I could have reached my current position by just talking big? I already guessed that you would choose this way."

"As for this buzz-cut guy, he's one of my bodyguards. He participated in underground unrestricted fights and has defeated nearly eighty opponents—despite his youthful appearance."


Chapter 48:
"You'll have to fend for yourself, haha..."

Chen Tianlong laughed uproariously, while the Wang family of three looked ashen.

Nima, this is completely unpredictable.

The buzzcut youth took two steps forward, bowed to Wang Yongsan with his fists clasped together, and his eyes instantly turned icy cold.

This was the gaze of someone who had truly killed before, devoid of any emotion. With just one glance, Wang Yongsan felt as if he had fallen into an icy abyss, making it difficult for him to even move.








Facing the icy gaze of the buzzcut youth, who seemed to have emerged from a pile of corpses, Wang Yongsan was so frightened that his legs trembled just by exchanging glances with him.

"Alright, we still need to eat. You two, finish this quickly."

As soon as Chen Tianlong's words fell, the buzzcut youth suddenly attacked.

He was indeed a participant in underground fights; he didn't even bother to give any warning before launching his attack. Moreover, his first move was a lethal one.

His steps were swift as he charged towards Wang Yongsan in two strides, his right fist aimed straight at Wang Yongsan's temple while his left hand pulled back to his waist, preparing for the next strike.

His speed was impressive, and so was his strength. However, Wang Yongsan had just increased his physique to ten points, which not only boosted his strength but also significantly improved his speed. At the critical moment, he tilted his head slightly, and the fist grazed past his cheek.

"Ouch! It hurts."

Just a slight touch on the cheek caused an intense burning sensation.

At this moment, the buzzcut youth's second punch arrived, delivering an uppercut straight to Wang Yongsan's chin.

A loud "bang" echoed as Wang Yongsan was sent flying through the air, tracing a perfect parabolic trajectory before crashing onto the ground three meters away.

"Darling Yongsan!"

"Son~"

Wang Dad and Wang Mom rushed over in a panic.

Wang Yongsan was dizzy from the impact.

If it weren't for his current physique of ten points, which was comparable to a boxing champion's ability to withstand blows, just that punch alone could have taken his life.

"Damn it, he's really not holding back!"

Wang Yongsan struggled to sit up and spat out a mouthful of saliva mixed with blood.

"Son, let's not fight anymore; we concede defeat."

"Darling Yongsan, are you okay? I only have you as my son. Even if I were to lose the company, I wouldn't let you risk your life. Let's go home."

Wang Dad and Wang Mom each supported one side of Wang Yongsan.

Chen Tianlong snorted coldly from the other side: "Wait a moment."

The bodyguards immediately blocked the Wang family's path.

"Mr. Chen, you wouldn't really want to eliminate us completely, would you?" Wang Dad's eyes were filled with anger.

Although the other party was an existence they could only look up to, people have their pride. Earlier, it was for his son that he had to grovel; if it were just about the company, he would only maintain his courtesy and would not show such a submissive attitude towards the other party.

Chen Tianlong chuckled: "It's not to that extent, but how can I let it go so easily after someone tried to seduce my daughter?"

"What do you want?" Wang Dad glared at him.

Chen Tianlong smiled: "Your son is quite something, so I won't let the bodyguards kill him. However, it's not acceptable to surrender so easily. At least he needs to last ten minutes under my bodyguards' attacks before I will let him go."

Wang Mom exclaimed: "Ten minutes? My son won't be able to last even one minute!"

```


Chapter 49:
Chen Tianlong's eyes turned cold: "Then don't blame me, Number Nine, continue."

"Yes."

Number Nine bodyguard was the one with a buzz cut, he agreed and walked straight towards Wang Yongsan.

Wang Dad stepped forward and stood in front of Wang Yongsan.

"Move aside."

"If you want to hurt my son, step over my dead body first."

"Then I'm sorry."

Number Nine bodyguard clenched his fist, ready to strike.

At that moment, Chen Ran suddenly stood up: "Stop!"

"Ranran, what are you doing..." Chen Tianlong immediately wore a smile on his face.

"You shut up."

Chen Ran crossed her arms over her chest and pointed at the buzz cut man: "Don't you have any shame? Being a bodyguard in my Chen family, and you dare to bully an old man? Today if you even touch him with a single finger, I'll chop off one of your fingers. If you hit him once, I'll cut off one of your hands."

The bodyguard didn't dare to move anymore.

Everyone who worked for the Chen family knew that although the head of the household was Chen Tianlong, it was actually Chen Ran, the young lady, who was the most formidable.

Offending the head of the household might just result in a scolding, but offending the young lady would be disastrous.

"Ranran, you're cheating! With them protecting him, how can we continue with the test?"

"I don't care. You cheated just now too, and it was my boyfriend who helped you out of trouble. You're repaying a favor with ingratitude, you don't deserve to be my daddy."

When the young lady threw a tantrum, Chen Tianlong was completely helpless.

Wang Yongsan took the opportunity to secretly open the points shop.

The buzz cut man's sudden attack had caught Wang Yongsan off guard, and he hadn't even had time to activate his ability before being knocked down with a punch. Now, Chen Ran's tantrum had inadvertently given him some time to try his luck.

"I must draw a good ability this time!"

Wang Yongsan chose to draw an ability.

The wheel spun, and a multitude of abilities flickered past.

Ten seconds later.

"Ding! Congratulations on drawing the Glutton ability (permanent), would you like to extract it now?"

Glutton?

What kind of ability is this?

Wang Yongsan was stunned when he heard the name of the ability.

Could it be because he is currently being hosted by the Chen family, so they deliberately gave him a Glutton ability to make him eat up all of Chen Tianlong's wealth?

This ability is too lame.

Wang Yongsan felt like crying but had no tears, yet he still turned his attention to the ability description.

As he read it, Wang Yongsan's eyes gradually lit up.

"Wow! So this is what the Glutton ability does!"

Wang Mom, who was protecting her son, suddenly heard Wang Yongsan shout and thought he had gone crazy.

She exclaimed in horror: "Son, are you okay? Don't scare Mommy!"

Wang Yongsan only then realized he had gotten carried away and quickly stood up from the ground. He comforted his mom: "Don't worry, Mommy, your son is strong as an ox. This little injury is just like tickling me."

Chen Tianlong snorted coldly: "Tickling? Then let my bodyguard tickle you some more, do you dare to accept it?"

"What's there not to dare about?"

Wang Yongsan took a step forward and stepped in front of his father, facing Chen Tianlong directly.

"Son?"

"Don't worry, Dad, I'm fine."

Wang Yongsan turned around and gave his parents a confident smile.

"Number Nine, give him a good tickling."


Chapter 50:
Chen Tianlong gave an order, and the opposite young man with a buzz cut was about to continue his attack.

Wang Yongsan reached out his hand: "Wait a moment."

The bodyguard ignored him and continued to throw a punch.

Chen Ran patted the table: "Stop!"

Chen Tianlong was almost crying, "My dear daughter, what's wrong again?"

Chen Ran said: "Didn't you hear my boyfriend say wait a moment? I want to listen to what he wants to say."

Chen Tianlong sighed: "Okay, if you want to say something, just say it quickly."

Wang Yongsan laughed: "I want to eat first."

"Eat?"

Everyone was stunned for a moment.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Yes, I haven't eaten since morning. Now it's twelve o'clock. I'm so hungry that my chest sticks to my back. Otherwise, with your bodyguard, let him hit me standing up. Even if he exhausts himself, he won't be able to move me."

Chen Tianlong laughed: "What a good show-off, still talking about empty words at this time. I was wrong to see you. Since that's the case, I'll let you eat enough first. But this time I won't ask No. 9 to hold back. You can become a full-bellied ghost."

Wang Yongsan sneered: "I'm afraid that when the time comes, I won't die. Your daughter will belong to me."








The high-end club is indeed high-end. With a wave of Chen Tianlong's hand, the dishes came up like flowing water.

Grunt~grunt…

Wang Yongsan was like a starving ghost reincarnated. He ate one dish in half a minute and another dish in half a minute. He even swallowed the bones of fish together, and chewed the shell of crabs.

The people next to him were stunned.

"My God, is this still a human?"

"How many days hasn't he eaten?"

"Amazing, really amazing. If he bites a little off center, will he even eat the plate?"

As they were talking, there was a 'snap' sound. Wang Yongsan really bit the plate.

Then everyone was shocked to find that Wang Yongsan actually swallowed the broken pieces of the plate directly.

"Ranran, what kind of boyfriend is this?"

Chen Tianlong's face was heavy.

Chen Ran was also embarrassed, she didn't expect to find such a boyfriend, this must be a glutton, and it's the largest size.

Fifteen minutes later.

Wang Yongsan finally stopped.

A table full of dishes, even the soup was drunk clean, but looking at Wang Yongsan, his stomach is only slightly bulging, and it's not very obvious.

"Hahahaha, I'm finally full enough, it's refreshing!"

Everyone was stunned.

So many dishes were eaten by one person, at least 20 pounds of dishes in total, where did they go?

[Piggy (permanent): Through the strengthening of the esophagus and digestive system, greatly increase appetite and nutrient absorption ability, can convert food into metabolic energy in a very short time after entering the mouth.]

(Note: Metabolic energy is one of the life energies, which has weakening, resistance, and healing effects on all physical injuries.)

Wang Yongsan clearly felt that there was a powerful Qi surging under his skin.

This Qi cannot be controlled but can defend on its own. He grabbed a piece of plate fragments and stabbed it into his hand, without even feeling any pain.

"Mr. Chen, I'm ready."


Chapter 51:
Wang Yongsan stood up with a confident air, his chest puffed out and his demeanor completely different from before.

Chen Tianlong furrowed his brows, wondering if this young man would really transform after eating a meal. Could it be that he was just hungry earlier?

However, Chen Tianlong had confidence in his No. 9 bodyguard due to his formidable strength. He waved his hand and said, "No. 9, take him down."

"Yes."

No. 9 responded and quickly charged towards Wang Yongsan.

He started with a powerful right hook.

This punch was delivered with all the bodyguard's strength, and combined with his forward momentum, it increased the attack power by 30%. It could be said that this was the strongest punch No. 9 could deliver in his normal state.

His speed was too fast for Wang Yongsan to react.

Wang Yongsan barely raised his arm to block, but before he could fully lift it, No. 9's fist had already struck his face.

"Bang."

A dull sound echoed.

Wang Yongsan was knocked off balance by the punch, and then… there was no "then."

"…"

The entire venue fell silent.

Just as the bodyguard threw this punch, everyone thought Wang Yongsan was in big trouble.

However, after the punch landed squarely on its target, Wang Yongsan seemed completely unharmed.

No teeth were knocked out,

No bruises appeared on his face,

And his body didn't move at all.

Did No. 9 hold back at the last moment? But earlier there was a clear "bang" sound, indicating full force.

Everyone was left baffled, except for Wang Yongsan who already knew the outcome.

"Hey, buddy, you need to take care of your kidneys."

Wang Yongsan rubbed his face.

Although the punch didn't cause any real damage, it did hurt a little bit. However, the pain was similar to being hit by a three-year-old child and could be ignored.

Incredible.

Truly incredible.

The abilities provided by the system of self-destruction were indeed top-notch, even making a glutton like him formidable.

"No. 9, what are you doing? Don't hold back. Disable him for me!"

Chen Tianlong, who had experienced the underworld, was much stronger than No. 9 himself. He could clearly see that No. 9 had not used his full strength.

But if No. 9 hadn't held back, what happened just now?

Chen Tianlong was so perplexed by Wang Yongsan's abnormal strength that he would rather believe his own eyes were deceiving him than accept that Wang Yongsan could withstand No. 9's punch.

Scolded by his boss, No. 9 launched a series of attacks in panic.

Bang bang bang bang…

A rapid succession of heavy punches landed on Wang Yongsan's body, yet it felt like a tickle to him.

Wang Yongsan laughed heartily: "Hit harder, hit even harder! Oh haha, this feels like a great massage."

The onlookers were astonished to their core.

The sharpness of No. 9's attacks was evident to anyone, even a fool, but…

He couldn't inflict any damage at all!

As No. 9 quickly exhausted himself from his relentless assault, Wang Yongsan waited for the right moment and grabbed a chair nearby, breaking it over No. 9's head which he couldn't dodge in time.

With just one blow, the fight was over.

Wang Yongsan dusted his hands off and smiled at Chen Tianlong: "Mr. Chen, I've completed two out of the three trials. Now can I have Ranyan?"

```


Chapter 52:
Chen Tianlong was furious: "What do you mean by saying it's yours? You have only gained the qualification to pursue my daughter. If you dare to bully her, I, Chen Tianlong, will never forgive you."

Wang Yongsan laughed heartily: "Of course."

Then he turned around and walked to Chen Ran's side, bending down to whisper in her ear: "Miss Chen, you said you never go back on your word, but last time you lost a kiss to me and haven't given it back to me until now. Are you planning to default on your debt?"

Chen Ran's face turned red, and she stammered: "This... I haven't prepared yet. Can it be tomorrow?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head: "No, now. You've been dragging it for so long. If you really don't want to get married, you can tell me, and I won't force you."

"Humph, no one can force me, and I will never go back on my word."

Chen Ran was stimulated by this, and after saying those words, she directly kissed Wang Yongsan on the face.

*Smack*

She was too anxious, and even the sound of kissing came out.

Chen Tianlong saw this scene and was so angry that his whole body trembled.

This is my only precious daughter, and as her father, I want to kiss her, and I have to go through a lot of trouble, do many things to please her, and see her mood.

But this damn guy actually made my daughter kiss him with just two sentences.

Unforgivable.

"Let's go."

Chen Tianlong stood up abruptly, simply closing his eyes to avoid the pain, and directly led people out.

Wang Yongsan shouted from behind: "Mr. Chen, why don't you stay for dinner?"

Around him, people looked at him with disdain.

Those bodyguards looked at Wang Yongsan with strange eyes, as if they were saying: You've eaten all the food, what are you making others eat?

Chen Tianlong turned around and pointed at him to admonish: "Eat a fart, you little bastard, wait for me. We'll see. Humph."

Wang Yongsan laughed and deliberately made him angry.

This guy had been making things difficult for his parents just now, and now that Wang Yongsan was in the lead, of course, he had to make him feel uncomfortable too.








Chen Tianlong and his wife left, leaving behind more than 20 bodyguards to protect Chen Ran.

Wang's parents realized how difficult the Chen family was and lost their previous excitement, telling Wang Yongsan a few words and not even eating the meal, preparing to go home.

"Dad, mom, let's go together."

Wang Yongsan chased after them.

Wang's father turned around and said, "You should stay with Ranran more. Although her family seems to disagree with you, love is your own business. If it's true love, you should stick to it."

Wang Yongsan looked disgusted and said, "Dad, you got it wrong. How could I..."

*Hmm!*

A warning sound interrupted Wang Yongsan's words.

Chen Ran smiled and stuck to Wang Yongsan, saying to Wang's parents: "Uncle said it right. I will always stand by Yongsan, and Yongsan is mine. You can rest assured."

Wang's father nodded and said with satisfaction, "What a well-behaved child."

Wang Yongsan almost fainted.

If Chen Ran could be considered well-behaved, then there would be no one in the world who isn't well-behaved.

"Son, it's up to you and the young people to make your own decisions. Anyway, remember that no matter what decision you make, we will support you." Wang's father said earnestly.

Wang Yongsan sniffed and said moved: "Thank you, dad and mom."


Chapter 53:
"Alright, my wife and I are going back. Ranyan hasn't eaten yet. You stay here with her, and there's no need to see us off."

Mr. and Mrs. Wang turned around and left.

Wang Yongsan and Chen Ranyan sent them off in the elevator together.

As soon as the elevator door closed, Chen Ranyan couldn't help but jump excitedly.

"Yay, finally liberated! I'm going to Mount Qomolangma, the Taklamakan Desert, and the Bermuda Triangle. There's also Shennongjia. Hahaha, finally no one can control me anymore!"

Wang Yongsan sighed, "Am I off the hook now?"

Chen Ranyan waved her hand, "You can leave now."

Wang Yongsan felt relieved. He was really worried that the system would suddenly assign him a mission to go to the Bermuda Triangle or Shennongjia.

Back at school,

Wang Yongsan packed his things, ready to move out.

His three roommates were not there; they must have gone out to play. Wang Yongsan packed his things by himself.

Although he rented a place outside, Wang Yongsan didn't plan to give up his dormitory. Therefore, he didn't take everything with him but only packed his clothes, shoes, and some daily necessities. The bedding was left in the dormitory so that he could come back and sleep anytime.

"Hey, look! The loser is moving out."

"Did he get expelled? I heard that he was arrested by the police for fighting today."

"That's old news. This guy somehow got close to the Chen family in Linjiang, and after having a cup of tea inside, he was sent out. I think he might be going to Linjiang as a son-in-law."

"My God! The Chen family in Linjiang? That's a top-tier wealthy family. Even if it's as a son-in-law, I would still do it!"

"Roll! You're such a spineless guy."

As Wang Yongsan walked out, people in the neighboring dormitories couldn't stop pointing at him and talking.

His pathetic image had already deeply rooted in people's minds, and these classmates usually didn't look up to him, so they didn't mind if he heard them talking.

After moving into his new place, Wang Yongsan lay down to rest in the rented apartment.

It's much more comfortable living alone than with four people. The only downside is that it's not lively enough.

After lying down for a while, Wang Yongsan felt bored and sent a message to Luo Yusha.

"Sasha, what are you doing? Why haven't you called me all day?"

After a while, she replied:

Luo Yusha: There's something going on in the student union.

Wang Yongsan: Take care of yourself and don't overwork yourself. (A heartache emoji)

Luo Yusha: Got it, it's not physical labor; I won't get tired. (A hand covering mouth and stealing a laugh emoji)

Wang Yongsan: You go ahead and work. We'll have dinner together tonight.

Luo Yusha: I want to eat the sparerib rice from the No. 7 canteen. You go buy it in advance; I might be a bit late, so don't let someone else snatch it away. (A drooling emoji)

Wang Yongsan: Don't worry, I guarantee it will be done. (A kissing emoji)

Luo Yusha: Okay, I'll be busy first. See you at the canteen tonight. (A red lips emoji)

Putting away his phone, Wang Yongsan looked at the time.

It was four thirty in the evening, and dinner would start in half an hour.

Wang Yongsan got up from the bed, went to the bathroom to wash his hair, dried it with a hairdryer, put on his clothes, and headed towards the school.

It was Saturday night, so there were fewer students eating compared to usual.

As Wang Yongsan walked into the canteen, he saw a familiar figure.

"Lin classmate."

```


Chapter 54:
Wang Yongsan stepped forward to greet them.

Lin Sisi saw Wang Yongsan and her face lit up with joy: "Wang classmate, you're alright. I was just worried about you a moment ago."

Wang Yongsan smiled: "I'm fine, it's an honor to have Lin school flower worry about me. Even if something happened, it would be worth it."

Lin Sisi wrinkled her cute little nose and scolded with a smile: "You're such a glib talker."

There were other people in the cafeteria who saw Wang Yongsan and Lin Sisi chatting happily, all of them filled with jealousy.

Wang Yongsan asked: "What would Lin classmate like to eat? I'll treat you."

Lin Sisi waved her hand: "How can I let you do that?"

Wang Yongsan said: "Why not? If it wasn't for you to help me record the video with your phone just now, I would have been cheated. It's not something that can be settled with just a meal."

Lin Sisi smiled: "That's true, then you should buy me the same thing as you."

"Alright!"

Wang Yongsan went to queue up, while Lin Sisi found a place to sit down first.

After finally getting his food, Wang Yongsan turned around and realized that the atmosphere in the cafeteria was a bit strange.

Many people were looking in one direction, and Wang Yongsan didn't understand why. He followed their gaze to see what was happening.

He saw a boy standing in front of Lin Sisi, holding a bouquet of flowers and proposing to her.

"Shi Shi, I love you, please give me a chance!"

"Wang Hao, I'm sorry. I've told you many times that I have a boyfriend. Please stop doing this."

The one facing Lin Sisi was one of the school's handsome boys, Wang Hao. His father was the deputy mayor of Longtai City, and he acted almost like a tyrant in school, changing girlfriends every day.

Seeing Lin Sisi's response, Wang Hao became furious out of embarrassment.

"Lin Shi Shi, you've been saying this for three months now. When will you stop dodging me?"

Lin Sisi said: "I'm not dodging you. I really do have a boyfriend. You should give up on this idea."

Wang Hao sneered: "Give up? Unless you bring your so-called boyfriend here, as long as he dares to admit that he's your boyfriend, I, Wang Hao, promise not to bother you again. Does he dare?"

Wang Hao was very confident.

He had secretly investigated before, and not only did Lin Sisi not have a boyfriend, but even if she did, he doubted that anyone would dare to stand up in front of him.

Lin Sisi knew she didn't have a boyfriend, but she really didn't want to be with Wang Hao, who changed girlfriends every day. She went through her list of male acquaintances but couldn't find anyone who could help her out.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan suddenly stepped forward.

He smiled and said: "Shi Shi, who is this? Is he my rival in love?"








Wang Yongsan wasn't the kind of person who liked to meddle in others' affairs, but he had no choice but to step up.

Just as Wang Hao was pressuring Lin Sisi to produce her boyfriend, a new task appeared in Wang Yongsan's mind.

"Current Task: Sweet Kiss."

"Task Description: As a handsome and wealthy young man, how can I stand by and watch as good flowers are ruined by pigs? Please host to obtain Lin Sisi's sweet kiss within 24 hours. Stage One: Kiss Lin Sisi on the cheek. Stage Two: Let Lin Sisi kiss you on the cheek voluntarily. Stage Three: Kiss with Lin Sisi."

</div>


Chapter 55:
"Task requirements: 1. The host must not forcefully implement kissing behavior; 2. The host cannot use any means to threaten or seduce Lin Shishi into kissing."

"Task completion, rewarded with ten points, twenty points, and thirty points of deathly credit (credits can be used to draw abilities or purchase attributes). Task failure, deducted one lifespan of sixty years."

One task, three stages, a total of sixty points of deathly credit can be obtained.

Even if Wang Yongsan didn't want to meddle, he had to grit his teeth and step forward.

"Wang classmate." Lin Shishi looked at Wang Yongsan with gratitude.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Fool, at this time, do you still want to hide our relationship? Tell him now that I, Wang Yongsan, am your boyfriend."

Before Lin Shishi could say anything, the person next to her, Wang Hao, suddenly burst into laughter.

"You, this coward, also want Shishi to like you? Dream on."

Lin Shishi originally didn't want to involve others, but since Wang Yongsan took the initiative to stand up, and she didn't want to be with Wang Hao at all, she had no choice but to cooperate with Wang Yongsan in this act.

"Wang Hao, Yongsan is indeed my boyfriend, so you can give up now?" Lin Shishi said loudly.

Wang Hao's eyes turned red as he glared at Lin Shishi and said, "Shishi, don't try to fool me. Although Yongsan is a coward, he has a girlfriend, and you two are impossible."

Lin Shishi said, "That's right, precisely because he has a girlfriend, I was always too afraid to say it clearly. Today, I want to thank you. If not for you, Yongsan and I might have been secretly liking each other in the background forever."

My heavens!

It's like I've been bitten by a dog.

Everyone in the cafeteria was stunned by Lin Shishi's words, and even Wang Yongsan admired the woman's imagination.

In the short time since Lin Shishi spoke, many boys in the cafeteria developed red eye syndrome.

They simply couldn't accept that a goddess like Lin Shishi would willingly act as someone else's spare tire, and the person was Wang Yongsan, such a coward.

"Impossible, absolutely impossible!"

Wang Hao shouted, "Wang Yongsan, right? Do you know who I am? Dare to use Shishi as a shield, do you believe I'll ruin you?"

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Classmate Wang Hao, I know your father is an official. Unfortunately, Shishi likes me, so you should go play somewhere else where it's cooler."

After saying that, Wang Yongsan leaned closer to Lin Shishi's side and whispered in her ear, "Classmate Lin, I apologize for the inconvenience."

Lin Shishi understood Wang Yongsan's intention and felt a little embarrassed.

With so many people watching in the cafeteria, but precisely because of this, it could prove her relationship with Wang Yongsan. Lin Shishi gritted her teeth and even actively leaned one side of her face closer.

"Ding, task first stage completed, rewarded with ten points of deathly credit, available for collection after the task ends."

"Task penalty change, failure will result in a deduction of 0.5 lifespan of sixty years. Please continue to strive to complete the task."

Wang Yongsan didn't pay any attention to the system prompts in his mind.

He was completely stunned by the sensation on his lips.

This is the school beauty, and they had only known each other for half a day, yet she was kissed on the cheek by him. This feeling is truly too exciting.

```


Chapter 56:
"Alright, Wang Yongsan, you wait and see, I'll make you regret it."

Wang Hao gritted his teeth and turned to Lin Shishi, saying, "And you, you slut, you'd rather be someone else's mistress than choose me. Since that's the case, don't blame me for being rude."

After saying these harsh words, Wang Hao threw the flowers away and left in a huff.

Lin Shishi sighed with relief, but soon became tense again.

"Wang classmate, it seems like we've made things even worse now, and you're also dragged into this."

Wang Yongsan had not yet recovered from the feeling he experienced just now, with his nose and mouth filled with the soft and smooth sensation of Lin Shishi's face and her faint body fragrance.

"It's okay, we are friends. If he comes to bother you again, just tell me about it."

The task has three stages; no violence can be used, nor can seduction. That leaves only winning the other person's favor as an option.

Lin Shishi is a reserved girl; wanting her to kiss oneself is much harder than getting her to accept one's kiss.

"Hey, Luo classmate."

Lin Shishi suddenly spoke in the direction of someone.

Wang Yongsan was taken aback and looked back, his hair standing on end immediately.

"Sasha, I, I..."

Luo Yusha seemed to have arrived without anyone noticing and had already reached not far from Wang Yongsan's back.

"Wang Yongsan, you are really impressive; you secretly even pursued the school flower. You confessed publicly today, so you should break up with me tomorrow?"

Luo Yusha spoke lightly, but everyone could see that she was very hurt.

Wang Yongsan quickly said, "Sasha, it's not what you think; listen to my explanation."

"There's no need for explanations. I wish you both happiness."

Luo Yusha turned around and left.

Wang Yongsan quickly chased after her, grabbing Luo Yusha's arm.

"What else do you have to say? You two are already like this, so do you still want to play both sides?" Luo Yusha had tears in her eyes.

Wang Yongsan bitterly said, "Sasha, I only love you, today's matter is really a misunderstanding; please listen to my explanation slowly."

Lin Shishi also walked over and whispered, "Luo classmate, this matter is not what you saw; let's sit down and explain it to you slowly."

Lin Shishi's attitude was sincere, but Luo Yusha snorted and said, "Alright, I'll give you five minutes. After you finish explaining, I'll leave."

The three of them sat down.

Wang Yongsan and Lin Shishi explained the details step by step.

The people around, who had seen Luo Yusha coming and were waiting for a show, didn't expect Lin Shishi, the school flower, to lower her status and seem to be trying hard to please the 'big sister.'

As they watched Wang Yongsan playing both sides become a 'certain thing,' the surrounding guys were about to die of envy; each one wished they could skin him alive.

"That's how it is."

After Wang Yongsan finished his last sentence, he looked at Luo Yusha with anticipation.

Luo Yusha remained calm on the surface, but her hand under the table pinched Wang Yongsan's thigh hard, causing him to grit his teeth and squirm in pain without being able to call out.

Lin Shishi noticed their sweet little action and couldn't help but smile, but thinking about the trouble ahead, she could no longer laugh.

```


Chapter 57:







Luo Yusha is still a person with a sense of justice. Otherwise, she wouldn't have helped Wang Yongsan block the people collecting protection fees back then.

Knowing that Wang Yongsan was helping others, although she felt a little jealous, she decided not to pursue the matter further.

"Alright then, you're off the hook for this one. But what are you two going to do next? That Wang Hao isn't someone who will let things go easily. He might take action against you."

Lin Shishi shook her head, indicating that she didn't know what to do.

Wang Yongsan spoke cautiously, "Shasha, there's something else I forgot to tell you."

Luo Yusha became alert and asked, "Is it good news or bad news?"

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and replied, "I'm not sure if it's good or bad."

Luo Yusha stared at him for a while before saying, "Then tell me about it first."

Wang Yongsan swallowed nervously and then whispered, "Yesterday, Chen Ran kept bothering me. Today she came to find me again and even brought my parents along. I think being exposed in the open like this, she might keep bothering me. So I rented a house outside to avoid her. That way, she won't be able to find me and should calm down a bit."

Luo Yusha heard that Chen Ran had found Wang's parents, and her heart couldn't help but tighten.

"What did your parents say?"

Wang Yongsan lied, "My parents told me to handle it myself. I will only love you, that's for sure."

Luo Yusha let out a sigh of relief and scolded, "Why do you keep attracting trouble? Can't you be more restrained?"

Wang Yongsan had no comeback to her scolding.

Lin Shishi felt a blush on her face as she realized that Luo Yusha was using an indirect way to criticize her. She could only endure it silently.

After eating, Luo Yusha had something to do and left first.

Wang Yongsan and Lin Shishi now live together, so they went to the rental house together.

Walking along the small road on campus,

Lin Shishi asked Wang Yongsan, "Aren't you going to tell her that we live together now?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head and said, "There have been too many things these past two days. Let's wait for things to calm down a bit before telling her."

Lin Shishi hesitantly said, "Thank you so much today. You got involved because of me and were even misunderstood by your girlfriend."

Wang Yongsan laughed, "Just saying thank you with your mouth?"

Lin Shishi was serious and said, "How about I return half of the rent to you?"

She charged more than double the normal price for rent, so she wanted to take this opportunity to return some of it.

Wang Yongsan pointed at his face and laughed, "That's not necessary. If you really want to thank me, just give me a kiss on the cheek."

Lin Shishi remembered the kiss in the cafeteria and immediately blushed, cursing, "Pfft, you're so shameless."

Wang Yongsan originally just tried it out casually, but he didn't expect Lin Shishi to react so shyly. It seemed that with a little more effort, there was hope of completing the second stage of the task now.

"What? Half a month's rent is 1000 yuan. I only asked for a kiss on the cheek, and you call that shameless?"

Lin Shishi blushed and said, "Then I'll give you 1000 yuan."

Wang Yongsan insisted, "No, I helped you because I consider you a friend. If it were for money, I wouldn't have stepped in to help you."

Lin Shishi's inner defenses were crumbling bit by bit.


Chapter 58:
She comes from a humble family, and one thousand yuan is not a small amount for her. Moreover, Wang Yongsan looks handsome, kind-hearted, and from the day of their encounter, he seems to be a good guy. If it's just kissing his cheek, it doesn't seem completely unacceptable.

Although Lin Shishi hasn't kissed any boy other than her father since kindergarten graduation.

But she is already 18 years old, and it's time to try the feeling of being close to a boy.

"Just kiss on the cheek?" Lin Shishi's voice was as soft as a mosquito buzzing.

Wang Yongsan saw that there might be a chance, and quickly nodded vigorously;

"Just kiss on the cheek, once is enough."

Lin Shishi was still hesitating: "But you have a girlfriend, what if she finds out?"

Wang Yongsan was almost anxious to death, clenching his fists and saying: "If you don't say it, I won't say it, she won't know."

"Then... okay."

Lin Shishi finally gathered up her courage.

To be honest, when she was in the cafeteria just now and Wang Yongsan kissed her, her heart was as excited as Wang Yongsan's. She felt it was thrilling and sweet.

Now it's her turn to kiss Wang Yongsan, and she is also looking forward to it in her heart.

"Come on, after kissing you won't owe me anything anymore."

Wang Yongsan turned his face to the side and closed his eyes, waiting for Lin Shishi to come over.

Lin Shishi felt her heart beating so fast that it was about to jump out, and she scolded herself in her heart: "Lin Shishi, it's just a kiss on the cheek, why are you so timid?"

After gathering her strength, Lin Shishi gritted her teeth and quickly kissed him.

A 'pop' sound was heard, as if a dragonfly touched the water lightly, her lips and Wang Yongsan's cheek were in contact for less than a second before quickly separating.

Wang Yongsan only felt that his face was touched by something soft, wet and comfortable, but this feeling disappeared in an instant.

"Huh? Is it over already?"

Wang Yongsan opened his eyes with lingering feelings, only to find that Lin Shishi had covered her face and ran far away.

The task shows that the second stage has been completed.

Reward: 20 points of reckless behavior, which can be collected after completing the task.

Failure penalty: Reduce lifespan by 0.3 jiazi (a traditional Chinese unit of time, approximately equal to 60 years).

"Yay, I've got 30 points of reckless behavior, even if the last task can't be completed, it's worth it." Wang Yongsan jumped up excitedly.

Back at the rental house.

Lin Shishi hid in her bedroom and didn't dare to come out.

Wang Yongsan had at least kissed Luo Yusha, and he reacted much better than Lin Shishi. Seeing how shy Lin Shishi was, he felt like he had taken a big advantage in his heart.

After a day of hard work, Wang Yongsan took a shower and lay down in his room.

His mind was filled with Lin Shishi's kiss. The third stage of the task has a reward of 30 points of reckless behavior, but it seems difficult to make Lin Shishi accept a kiss.

That night, Wang Yongsan had several dreams, dreaming that Lin Shishi and Luo Yusha were hugging him from both sides, feeling blissfully happy.

The next day,

After getting up and washing up, Lin Shishi asked Wang Yongsan: "Wang classmate, where do you plan to go today?"

Wang Yongsan asked back: "Are you inviting me?"

"Pfft, not serious." Lin Shishi's face turned red slightly and she said seriously: "I was worried that Wang Hao would find trouble with you, so I wanted to remind you to be careful when going out recently."

Wang Yongsan just 'oh'd and didn't take it to heart.


Chapter 59:
Linda looked at him and knew that he didn't take her words to heart. She said angrily, "Wang classmate, remember that Wang Hao's father is the deputy mayor of our city. Many people are trying to get close to him, and if he says something, countless people will rush to deal with you. Don't take it lightly, okay?"

Wang Yong shrugged nonchalantly and said, "I know. I'm timid. Don't scare me anymore, okay?"

Linda was so angry with his carefree attitude that she simply ignored him.

Wang Yong wasn't stupid and knew it was irrational to offend Wang Hao. However, compared to offending the son of a deputy mayor, the consequences of not completing his task of seeking death were obviously greater.

Some people like to hesitate before taking action, wanting to avoid offending others while completing the task.

Wang Yong was different; he knew how to make choices.

Therefore, the real problem now wasn't whether he was afraid of Wang Hao sending people to deal with him but how to obtain a kiss from Linda before the evening today.

"Hey, Linda, I have two movie tickets here. How about going to see a movie together later?"








"Linda, I have two movie tickets here. Do you want to go see a movie together?"

Wang Yong decided to take the initiative.

Although it was unlikely that he could win Linda's heart in just one day, at least he had to make some effort.

Linda was preparing to wash her clothes and hesitated for a moment when she heard Wang Yong's words.

Her father was a high school teacher, and her mother was a middle school teacher. Before going to college, she had been under their surveillance almost 24 hours a day. Not only had she never kissed anyone, but she also hadn't gone to see a movie with a boy.

Every teenage girl dreams of experiencing a sweet love story, and Linda was no exception.

But…

"Why don't you invite Luo classmate to go together?"

Linda only wanted to try watching a movie with a boy; she didn't think about involving a third party. She just didn't want to ruin Wang Yong and Luo Yusha's relationship because of herself.

Wang Yong said, "She has something urgent to do today and can't go."

Linda said, "You can refund the tickets then."

Wang Yong said, "It's troublesome to refund them, and you don't seem to have anything else to do today. Just consider it as helping Wang Hao give up completely. Let's continue pretending to be a couple for one more day."

Linda hesitated for a moment and agreed after wanting to try watching a movie in a theater.

At 9 am,

Maple Leaf Cinema.

"Look, it's Linda."

"The one next to her seems to be the coward from first year."

"I heard Linda broke up with Wang Hao yesterday because of him and even refused to be his mistress."

"They're really close, huh."

Maple Leaf Cinema was not far from Longtai University, and many student couples would choose to spend their weekends here when they had nothing else to do.

Linda and Wang Yong were both quite famous in school, and their combination made them almost universally recognized.

Wang Yong held Linda's hand and walked towards the ticket counter amidst the stares, pulling her along: "Sister, give me two tickets for Love Thirteen Days."

</div>


Chapter 60:
The girl next to him, Lin Shishi, widened her almond-shaped eyes and said angrily, "Wang Yongsan, you liar! You clearly didn't buy a ticket, yet you tricked me into watching the movie with you."

Wang Yongsan chuckled, "I thought I bought one."

"You big liar!" Lin Shishi clenched her fists and punched him lightly. However, to outsiders, it seemed like the school flower was acting coquettishly with a good-for-nothing.

Many boys felt jealous, like they had eaten vinegar, and were scolded by their girlfriends.

The movie was about to start in fifteen minutes, so the two of them followed the crowd towards the screening hall.

There were no big stars in "Love for Thirteen Days," and the tickets didn't sell well. Even on a Sunday, the attendance rate was less than 40%, with most of the audience being couples scattered in various corners.

Behind them, not far away, a boy wearing a hat whispered into his phone. "Hello, Brother Hao, I'm inside... They are in screening room 2, the sixth row on the right side. Hurry up and bring someone here."

The movie began to play.

Seeing that everyone around him had popcorn, Wang Yongsan asked Lin Shishi to wait while he went to buy some.

As soon as he stood up, someone suddenly ran over and bumped into Wang Yongsan with a "thud," falling face-first onto the ground with a wet sound.

"Your mother! How dare you bump into me?"

The man climbed up and pointed at Wang Yongsan, cursing.

Wang Yongsan knew that the man had fallen hard, and although he didn't want to care about this person's reckless behavior earlier, when he heard the man swearing, his expression turned cold.

"I warn you, don't curse my mother!" Wang Yongsan pointed at the man and warned.

The man swayed towards Wang Yongsan, provocatively saying, "So what if I curse you? I'll f*ck your..."

Halfway through his sentence, he was punched in the mouth.

"F*ck you! How dare you hit me? All of you, come out and beat him up!"

Suddenly, eight or nine people surrounded Wang Yongsan from all directions.

Wang Yongsan immediately realized he had fallen into a trap.

"Love for Thirteen Days" was a romantic movie, and who would bring so many men to watch such a film? This was obviously premeditated.

"Mr. Wang, he is Pang Kun, a member of Brother Hao's gang."

Lin Shishi recognized the young man who was knocked down by Wang Yongsan; he was a senior in college whose family was involved in the underworld and knew many gang members.

That made sense.

Wang Yongsan waved to Lin Shishi, "Miss Lin, you go first; I'll hold them off."

Pang Kun laughed loudly, "You think you can run? Today, neither of you will escape. You guys beat this guy up for me, and tie that girl up to give her to Brother Hao."

The people sitting nearby saw something was amiss and fled the scene.

In the entire right-side viewing area, only Wang Yongsan and Lin Shishi were left, surrounded by eight burly men rushing towards them.

"Quick, run!"

Wang Yongsan pushed Lin Shishi away forcefully, and his back was immediately hit by several fists.

Lin Shishi ran while shouting, "Hold on! I'll go call for help right away."

Pang Kun pointed at Lin Shishi and shouted, "Send two people to bring her back!"

Two burly men immediately chased after Lin Shishi and soon blocked her path.

Wang Yongsan was no match for five people alone, being beaten on the ground by a group of people. However, with his ten points of physical strength, these punches and kicks were painful but not fatal in the short term.


Chapter 61:
No, I have to come up with a plan.

Lin Sisi was caught and struggled desperately.

She called for help from the other people watching the movie, but no one dared to step forward and help. Many were so scared that they left early.

One couple left in such a hurry that they didn't even bother with their popcorn, leaving two buckets scattered on the ground. The popcorn rolled down the stairs and ended up right in front of Pang Kun.

Pang Kun was holding his phone, recording Wang Hao bullying Wang Yongsan. Seeing the popcorn, he suddenly had an idea.

"Guys, stop for a moment and bring the person over to me first."

As Pang Kun was the leader, the other big men listened to him and dragged Wang Yongsan over.

Pang Kun pointed at the popcorn on the ground and said to Wang Yongsan, "Wimp, you seemed like you were going to buy popcorn just now. Don't blame me for not giving you a chance. Eat all this popcorn on the ground, and I'll spare your life today."

Wang Yongsan looked up and glared at Pang Kun fiercely, "I'll eat it on one condition: let Lin Sisi go first."

Pang Kun sneered, "You have no right to negotiate with me. If you don't eat it, I'll beat you to death."

Wang Yongsan bravely said, "Go ahead and kill me then. My parents only have one son. Although my family isn't as influential as Wang Hao's, we can't deal with him, but we definitely can deal with you. I guarantee that if I die, you won't live either."

Pang Kun coldly said, "All your family has is some money? With Hao Ge protecting me, I don't believe they can do anything to me."

Wang Yongsan mocked, "Hao Ge? You think of him as your boss, but he sees you as just a dog. If something really happens, he'll definitely abandon you."

"You..."

Pang Kun was speechless by Wang Yongsan's words.

He knew deep down that what Wang Yongsan said was true.

Wang Yongsan's family could be considered a medium-level wealthy family, and even Wang Hao only wanted to cripple him. As just a lackey, Pang Kun didn't dare to kill anyone either.

While he was in a dilemma, Wang Yongsan spoke again.

"Pang Kun, aren't you trying to humiliate me to please Wang Hao? If you let Lin Sisi go, I'll honestly let you pour all the popcorn into my mouth. That's more humiliating than picking up a few pieces to eat, right?"








Wang Hao wasn't a fool. He didn't believe that such a beautiful woman like Lin Sisi would be Wang Yongsan's mistress. He knew that the two of them were probably putting on a show for his benefit.

His plan didn't involve capturing Lin Sisi, so after Pang Kun hesitated for a moment, he agreed to Wang Yongsan's proposal.

"Alright, I can let her go, but you have to swallow two buckets as a deposit first. Otherwise, if I let her go and you renege on eating, what should I do then?"

Pang Kun actually wanted Lin Sisi to witness Wang Yongsan's humiliating act, which was also what Wang Hao wanted.

"Okay." Wang Yongsan agreed without hesitation.

Pang Kun instructed two big men to collect all the popcorn, amounting to over 20 buckets.

He made Wang Yongsan sit on the ground while he held a poster rolled into a paper tube funnel and poured popcorn directly into Wang Yongsan's mouth.

"Hahaha, Lin Schoolmate, take a good look at your boyfriend's true face. How can such trash compare to Hao Ge?"

As Pang Kun poured popcorn into the funnel, he shouted to Lin Sisi.


Chapter 62:
The words were shouted out, and a bucket of popcorn was poured out completely.

Lin Sisi's eyes were filled with tears.

Wang Yongsan was targeted by Wang Hao because of himself, and now it was for her to be able to leave safely that he voluntarily requested such humiliation.

The classmates all said that Wang Yongsan was a coward, but Lin Sisi felt that the man who dared to stand in front of a woman when something happened was the bravest.

Pang Kun lowered his head, wanting to see Wang Yongsan's miserable look being choked by popcorn, but the scene in front of him made him stunned.

"Where is the popcorn?"

The funnel was empty, where were the popcorns that had just been poured in?

Pang Kun thought he had poured it askew, but there was none on the ground either. Where did the popcorn go?

"This... It seems that he has eaten all the popcorn." The big man who was recording for Pang Kun beside him said uncertainly.

"All eaten?"

Pang Kun couldn't believe it at all. This was a whole bucket of popcorn, and others might not be able to finish it after watching a movie. He ate it all in one mouthful?

Once more.

Pang Kun took another bucket and continued to pour it in.

This time he saw the problem.

The popcorn poured into the funnel, as if it was an endless abyss, quickly leaked down. Not only did he see Wang Yongsan's miserable look being choked by popcorn, but according to the current situation, it seemed that he had become a waiter feeding food.

This was really embarrassing.

After Wang Yongsan finished two buckets, he didn't feel anything. He touched his belly and said to Pang Kun, "It's already two buckets. Can you let Lin Sisi go now?"

Pang Kun said viciously, "Let her go? I won't let her go until you eat half of these."

Wang Yongsan's face turned cold, "You don't keep your word?"

Pang Kun sneered, "I just won't keep my word. What can you do about it?"

Wang Yongsan stood up from the ground, grabbed a bucket of popcorn and poured it into his mouth.

Shua~

Shua~

Shua...

Twenty-six buckets of popcorn were all eaten up in less than ten minutes.

"You, you, you..."

Pang Kun and the others looked at Wang Yongsan as if they were looking at a monster.

This was twenty-six buckets of popcorn, which could fill a sack of cement when piled up. It was all swallowed up like this?

"What are you looking at me for? Want to cheat again?"

"I'm cheating. What can you do about it? Do you think eating the popcorn is over? Brothers, beat him up."

The big men were also stunned, but they had a mission to complete. They rushed towards Wang Yongsan one after another.

"Hahaha, this time it might not be who beats whom."

Wang Yongsan didn't dodge at all. When the big men surrounded him and beat him, he just grabbed Pang Kun, who was in the lead, and gave him a few punches.

He had ten points of physical strength. Although he didn't have professional explosive force training, just a normal punch could hit with a strength not weaker than that of a lightweight boxer.

With just two punches, Pang Kun was beaten until his nose bled.

"Brother, I'm wrong. Don't hit me."

"I'm hitting you."

After Pang Kun was beaten down, Wang Yongsan followed up and kicked him fiercely. There were 'kacha' sounds everywhere, and it was uncertain how many bones were broken.

Suddenly, Wang Yongsan transformed, and the other big men were stunned. Seeing him finish dealing with Pang Kun and turning around, each one of them was scared cold all over.

[Translation Notes]
- The names `林诗诗` (Lin Sisi), `王勇三` (Wang Yongsan), and `庞坤` (Pang Kun) are translated as they are.
- The unique term `爆米花` (popcorn) is kept the same throughout the text.
- The phrase `十点体质` (ten points of physical strength) is translated literally as it seems to be a unique term from the story's context.
- The expression `轻量级拳王` (lightweight boxer) is translated directly as it refers to a specific boxing weight class.
- The dialogue and direct speech are formatted with true double quotes (`“…”`) as per the instructions.
- The text is translated faithfully and coherently, maintaining the original meaning while making it fluent in English.
- No information or characters are omitted or left untranslated.


Chapter 63:
One of the big men shouted, "Don't be afraid everyone, he is alone, let's go together."

Seven big men rushed towards Wang Yongsan at the same time, and even the two guards of Lin Shishi joined the battle.

Two of them had found fire shovels from somewhere and swung them towards Wang Yongsan's head.

"Yongsan, be careful!" Lin Shishi shouted nervously.

A series of loud noises echoed as all seven big men were knocked down to the ground.

"You little rascals, do you even dare to come out and scare people? Compared to No. 9, you are far behind!" Wang Yongsan stood tall and proud, boasting arrogantly.

Seeing that the battle had ended, Lin Shishi ran over and asked in disbelief, "Yongsan, are you okay? Did you defeat them all?"

Wang Yongsan chuckled and was about to say it was a piece of cake when he suddenly remembered there was still a part of the task that required him to court death.

He exclaimed, "Ah!" and fell towards Lin Shishi's direction.

Lin Shishi instinctively hugged him, and she felt the person in her arms trembling.

"Yongsan, what's wrong with you? Don't scare me!" Lin Shishi was extremely worried.

Wang Yongsan weakly said, "I… I have internal injuries and won't make it."

Lin Shishi panicked and asked, "What should I do? Can you hold on? I'll call 120 right away!"

Wang Yongsan spoke in a faint voice, word by word: "No, I can't hold on for that long. Only you can save me now."

The fight was intense, and the big men didn't hold back at all, with fire shovels swinging wildly. Although Wang Yongsan appeared fine on the surface, a normal person would have been injured from such attacks.

Lin Shishi had initially thought that Wang Yongsan would be injured, so even though his performance was exaggerated, she didn't doubt it at all.

"How can I help you?" Lin Shishi asked.

"I need you… to kiss me," Wang Yongsan said as if he were about to die.

Lin Shishi was taken aback by this request and asked in confusion, "Are you tricking me? There's no such way to save someone!"

Wang Yongsan had no choice but to make up a story.

"Lin classmate, actually, I am a martial arts master. The skill I practice is called Yin-Yang Divine Skill. No matter how severe my injuries are, as long as I kiss a woman, I can slowly recover. The faster the recovery speed, the more beautiful and pure the girl is. Now I'm on the brink of death, and only a girl as beautiful and pure as you can save me. If you don't kiss me, I'm doomed!"

Wang Yongsan felt his story was quite convincing, but Lin Shishi had already seen through his act.

When he spoke those words, his breathing quickened, his heartbeat increased, and even his face turned rosy. It was clear that he wasn't thinking about good things.

However, his performance earlier had indeed made Lin Shishi develop a great liking for him. When she realized that she might have been teased by Wang Yongsan, instead of feeling disgusted, she felt a bit happy.

"You… really want me to kiss you?" Lin Shishi's breathing quickened, and her face turned red after saying those words.








"Come on, I don't have much time left," Wang Yongsan continued to act.

The task required him not to use force or material temptations, but it didn't say anything about using deception.

</div>


Chapter 64:
```
Wang Yongsan thought he had acted flawlessly, unaware that Lin Sisi had already seen through his scheme. However, Lin Sisi did not expose him; instead, for some unknown reason, she leaned in and pressed her lips against his.

The school beauty's lips were sweet, fragrant, and smooth.

Wang Yongsan greedily savored this delightful sensation, as if he had been transported into space where the world fell silent.

After about twenty seconds, Lin Sisi pulled back.

Her face was now so red it seemed ready to drip with moisture, and she shyly asked, "Is that enough?"

Wang Yongsan shamelessly replied, "Not quite yet."

Lin Sisi pushed him away and coyly said, "You bad boy, if you need more, go ahead and recover by yourself. I won't help anymore."

With that, she ran away in a hurry.

Wang Yongsan watched her departing figure, licking his lips and smiling foolishly as he continued to relish the taste.

By then, there was no one left in the cinema due to the commotion they had caused.

Wang Yongsan checked his task for causing trouble, which showed it was completed. He then brushed off the shoe prints on his clothes and walked out of the cinema with his hands in his pockets.

Lin Sisi was waiting for him outside.

"Shi Shi Xue, where do you want to go next?" Wang Yongsan asked with a grin.

Lin Sisi had initially suspected that Wang Yongsan was acting earlier, but seeing his current behavior confirmed her suspicion – she had been tricked into giving him her first kiss.

Frowning, she pouted and said, "You can go wherever you want; I'm going home now."

Wang Yongsan chuckled, "What a coincidence, I'm also going home. Let's go together."

Lin Sisi quickly changed her mind, "I just remembered I have something to do at school; I need to go there. You can go by yourself."

"Ah, I almost forgot too! I have something to do at school as well; it's on the same route." Wang Yongsan said with a straight face.

Ever since he acquired the Troublemaker System and gained abilities along with extraordinary physical strength, Wang Yongsan had become bolder and his skin had grown much thicker.

Lin Sisi suddenly became serious, looking at Wang Yongsan and saying, "Classmate Wang, if you continue to treat me like this, what will Luo Xue know? If you're just doing it for fun, please don't use me as your target."

Wang Yongsan felt embarrassed.

Rubbing his head, he said, "I'm sorry, Shi Shi Xue. I was too extreme; I apologize to you. It won't happen again."

These were the words Lin Sisi had hoped to hear, but when Wang Yongsan said them, she felt uncomfortable.

- Lin Sisi, do you really want him to say he likes you?

- He already has a girlfriend, and they are very much in love. Don't get carried away by your curiosity about romance.

- You are just curious about love right now; don't let your curiosity lead you to like him, or you will be heartbroken.

Lin Sisi left, and Wang Yongsan did not follow her.

He had acted the way he did just to complete his task, driven by it without thinking too much. Now that he reflected on it, there were many things he should not have done.

Moreover, this matter must not be known by Luo Yushu; otherwise, she would definitely become jealous.

"I should go find Shasha instead. We haven't spent time together this whole weekend; I don't want her to suspect anything."

He had 60 points of troublemaker credits in his pocket, but Wang Yongsan did not plan to use them immediately. He needed to think it over before deciding what to spend the credits on.
```


Chapter 65:
```
Wang Yongsan called Luo Yusha, asking where she was and went to look for her at school.

When he arrived, Luo Yusha was not there.

Wang Yongsan took out his phone and dialed again, but this time Luo Yusha didn't pick up.

"Something is wrong, Shasha must have had an accident."

Just now Lin Sisi and he were attacked, and now Luo Yusha suddenly disappeared. It must be Wang Hao's doing.

"Wang Hao, if anything happens to Shasha, I will kill you!"

Wang Yongsan ran out like crazy. From the time he made the call to now, it had only been a few minutes. If Luo Yusha was kidnapped, they might not have gone far yet.

Just as he ran to the stairs, a young man with several bandages on his body stumbled towards him.

"Big Brother!"

Wang Yongsan found him familiar, and upon closer inspection, realized that he was from Tie Shou Wushu Hall.

"Was it you guys who did this?" Wang Yongsan grabbed his collar and lifted him up.

"Cough cough, please spare my life, I came to tell you something!" The young man was choked and found it difficult to breathe.

Wang Yongsan threw him on the ground, shouting sternly, "Tell me where Shasha is!"

The young man was the one who had found someone to play a trick on Wang Yongsan with Li Daqi last time. After taking a few deep breaths, he said, "Big Brother, your girlfriend was kidnapped by the owner of Tie Shou Wushu Hall. They are now on their way to the headquarters of the hall. If you hurry, you might still catch up!"

Although Wang Yongsan was anxious, he did not lose his rationality and asked coldly, "Who sent you to tell me this?"

The young man replied, "No one. I came here on my own initiative. They originally planned for me to participate in this operation, but yesterday I happened to see you having dinner with Chen Tianlong. I didn't dare to go against you, so they beat me up like this. Since I entered the hall at the age of sixteen and worked as a servant, I am not willing to end up like this. I hope that when you save her, Big Brother can help me take revenge on their behalf because of my information."

Wang Yongsan's eyes flickered for a moment, "Alright, I will believe you for now. If things are not as you said, I will make you regret coming into this world!"

Luo Yusha was Wang Yongsan's weakness. Anyone who dared to touch her would be touching his bottom line.

"Big Brother, hurry up! The owner of Tie Shou Wushu Hall often keeps women in his room on the third floor. If you go now, it might be too late!"

Wang Yongsan was indeed anxious. Before the young man finished speaking, he had already run towards the school gate.

He hailed a taxi.

Wang Yongsan gave the driver one thousand yuan and ordered loudly, "To Tie Shou Wushu Hall! Get there as quickly as possible!"

From the school to Tie Shou Wushu Hall, it usually only cost twenty or thirty yuan. Wang Yongsan gave the driver a thousand yuan, and the driver immediately became energetic like he had been injected with chicken blood.

"Don't worry, I will get you there!"

The taxi sped off like a sports car.

The taxi raced through the streets.

Wang Yongsan sat in the passenger seat and called the police station, but they said that before the matter was confirmed, they could only send two people to check the situation.

This was clearly an excuse. Even if they did find something, by then it would already be too late!

There was no one to ask for help now; he could only rely on himself.

Wang Yongsan quietly opened the points mall.
```


Chapter 66:
This time going to the Iron Palm Martial Arts School, it definitely won't be too easy, and there will be no time to eat. With only my ten points of physique, I'm afraid it won't be enough to handle everyone from the Five Senses.

Wang Yongsan was planning to exchange all sixty points of his score for physique, so that he could reach sixteen points and be almost invulnerable to bullets.

But when he looked closely...

"Damn it, why did it become twenty points?"

Previously, one point of physique only cost ten points of score. Now that he had exceeded ten points of physique, it seemed that each additional point would cost twenty points.








There was an unexpected change in the price of physique, and now it had doubled. With sixty points of score, he could only buy three points of physique, which might not be very effective.

But if he didn't buy physique, what should he get?

"Why don't I try drawing abilities a few times first? Even if it's just for one day, it should be enough to save people."

Wang Yongsan decided to take a risk. Based on his understanding of the System of Death, as long as he drew an ability that could increase his combat power, it should be enough to save Luo Yusha.

Drawing abilities.

"Ding! Congratulations on drawing the Cat's Eye ability (one-day experience). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

The Cat's Eye ability allows one to slow down an opponent's movements. It could be useful, but it might not be enough.

He continued drawing.

"Ding! Congratulations on drawing the Cat's Eye ability (three-day experience). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

Damn it, why is it Cat's Eye again?

He continued drawing.

"Ding! Congratulations on drawing the Observing Qi ability (permanent). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

Observing Qi?

Wang Yongsan focused his gaze on the Observing Qi icon.

[Observing Qi (permanent): All things in the world have their unique manifestations. What cannot be seen does not mean it doesn't exist. After acquiring the Observing Qi ability, one can perceive the qi of living beings and determine their physique, intelligence, and life limit through the intensity of their qi. There is also a high chance of detecting other energies within them.]

Wang Yongsan was at a loss. What is this? A health bar display hack? Now that he needs to save someone, what use is a health bar display when he wants something that increases his combat power?

He had thirty points of Death Score left. Now, if he bought more physique, it wouldn't be enough. Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and decided to draw again.

"Ding! Congratulations on drawing the Luck ability (one-day experience). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

"Yes!"

Wang Yongsan suddenly shouted, startling the driver beside him.

"Young man, don't suddenly shout and scare me like that! We're going at a hundred kilometers per hour; if we crash, it's over." The driver was sweating profusely.

"Got it." Wang Yongsan replied casually but silently repeated in his mind: Extract, extract, extract.

A Cat's Eye one-day experience, a permanent Observing Qi ability, and a Luck one-day experience. With these three abilities, Wang Yongsan's confidence soared.

"Just to be safe, let's use up the remaining twenty points of score."

Wang Yongsan chose to buy one point of physique. With his remaining score spent, Wang Yongsan felt even stronger physically.


Chapter 67:
And yet, after exceeding ten points in physique, it seems that some subtle changes have occurred in my body. However, this feeling is so faint that I am not sure if what I feel is accurate.

Crunch~

The taxi stopped.

On the right side was the Iron Fist Martial Arts Academy, and when Wang Yongsan looked over, he saw two people carrying the limp Luo Yusha towards the entrance of the academy.

"Damn it, put her down for me!"

Wang Yongsan jumped out of the car and rushed forward at full speed.

The two men glanced back but ignored Wang Yongsan, speeding up towards the Iron Fist Martial Arts Academy.

Someone stepped forward to block him.

"What are you doing here? This is the Iron Fist Martial Arts Academy! Ah..."

Wang Yongsan didn't even stop, crashing straight past him.

The gatekeeper of the martial arts academy screamed as he flew out, and when he landed, his entire shoulder was deformed.

"Stop him!"

"Don't let him catch up!"

"Who dares to break into my Iron Fist Martial Arts Academy? All disciples, come with me! We'll beat him to death and the academy will take responsibility!" A one-eyed strong man stepped forward, surrounded by over thirty disciples practicing martial arts.

Wang Yongsan, with red eyes, said, "I don't want to hurt innocent people. All of you get out of my way!"

"Hahaha, not wanting to hurt innocent people? We'll see if you have the ability!" The one-eyed strong man didn't take Wang Yongsan seriously at all.

At that moment.

"Ding, mission released!"

"Current Mission: Eliminate the Source of Evil."

"Mission Overview: Birds of a feather flock together, and those who associate with evil people are usually evil themselves. Please complete the task within three hours by eradicating the Iron Fist Martial Arts Academy."

"Mission Requirements: 1. Injure at least fifty martial arts disciples. 2. Kill the owner, Li Tie."

"Mission Completion: Reward 10 +50 points of death credits. Failure results in the deduction of all remaining lifespan."

What the hell is this?

Wang Yongsan calmed down and carefully examined the mission.

This death task actually required him to kill people, which was too exaggerated!

Even if he completed the mission, he would still be subject to legal sanctions, so it's all death anyway!

"No, if I am acting in self-defense or accidentally kill him while saving someone, I might not be sentenced to death. But if I fail the mission, I will definitely die! I have no choice but to fight!"

There were about thirty disciples, and the mission required at least fifty injured. He also had to save Luo Yusha, so time was extremely tight.

Wang Yongsan couldn't wait any longer and charged straight towards the group of martial arts disciples.

"You little bastard, can't wait to die, huh? I'll help you! Disciples, come with me!"

Swish swish swish~

A group of martial arts disciples rushed forward like a swarm.

[Note: The Chinese text provided ends abruptly here, so the translation also stops at this point. If there is more content to be translated, please provide it in a new input.]


Chapter 68:
One punch after another, their chests caved in.

One kick following each punch, their internal organs shifted position.

The task required maiming, so Wang Yongsan decided not to hold back either. He didn't care if they lived or died; every punch was thrown with all his strength.

The cannon fodder disciples were sent flying everywhere, and upon landing on the ground, they could only breathe out but not in.

The one-eyed burly man watched with horror and trepidation. He had only seen such combat prowess on the master of the hall, yet here was this young man not even twenty years old displaying such formidable might.

"Damn it, I should sneak away quietly instead."

The one-eyed burly man thought of escaping, but as soon as he took a few steps forward, there was a sudden whistling sound from behind him.

When he looked back, one of the cannon fodder disciples was thrown towards him by Wang Yongsan like a basketball, moving at an incredible speed that reached his eyes in the blink of an eye.

"Get out of my way!"

The one-eyed man was still quite capable. He used both hands to push to the right, barely managing to shove the cannon fodder disciple thrown at him to one side.

However, it was his own disciple who suffered from this shove, falling even harder.

By now, all the cannon fodder disciples around Wang Yongsan were lying on the ground unable to get up. He stood in the middle of them like a Blood Fury Demon God, holding one cannon fodder disciple in each hand and coldly ordering the one-eyed man: "Take me there immediately. If anything happens to Sha Sha, I guarantee you'll wish you were dead."








Wang Yongsan gave the one-eyed burly man a chance not because he really needed someone to lead the way, although having someone guide him would indeed be faster.

The main reason was that Wang Yongsan, using his technique of looking at Qi, discovered that this one-eyed burly man's physique had reached an impressive 9 points, not to mention the fourth colored grid appearing on his head.

This was a silver grid representing that there were special energies within the one-eyed burly man's body.

Wang Yongsan couldn't determine what these energies were, but just in case, he decided to save Luo Yisha first and not provoke the one-eyed burly man for now.

"Kid, I admit you're impressive, but the master of the hall is different from us. He's a true Jianghu person, and even if I take you there, you'll definitely die."

Wang Yongsan threw the cannon fodder disciple in his hand onto the ground with a loud thud, causing the one-eyed burly man's heart to palpitate with fear.

"Don't test my patience. Lead the way, or die. Decide now."

Seeing that Wang Yongsan was really about to attack, the one-eyed burly man quickly said: "Okay, okay, I'll lead the way."

Wang Yongsan urged loudly: "Hurry up, if you're late, don't blame me for being rude."

Upstairs,

Just reaching the third floor, Wang Yongsan saw two people guarding a room door like watchdogs.

Without waiting for the one-eyed man to speak, Wang Yongsan already knew that the Iron Palm Hall master must be inside that room.

"Move!"

Originally, Wang Yongsan was walking behind the one-eyed man, but he couldn't wait to walk slowly over and pushed the one-eyed man in front of him aside, rushing forward.

"Haha, you dare to leave your back exposed to me? Don't underestimate people too much."

The one-eyed burly man laughed loudly, and both fists struck Wang Yongsan from behind.

One punch aimed straight at his back of the head, and another punched targeted his heart.

"Suck!"

Wang Yongsan took a big breath of air and simultaneously tilted his head to one side forcefully.

[Note: The Chinese text appears incomplete at the end, so I translated what was provided. If there is more content to follow, please provide it for a complete translation.]


Chapter 69:
The fists approached, and the punch aimed at his back of the head was dodged, while the punch from behind was blocked by Wang Yongsan's Qi circulating in his back, causing no significant harm to him but giving him a push.

Wang Yongsan rushed towards the two gatekeepers at an even faster speed.

"Stop!"

"Looking for death!"

"Stop him!"

All three shouted simultaneously, especially the two in front who were ready for battle.

However, they were facing Wang Yongsan.

With a constitution of eleven o'clock and the luck boost, even without any combat skills, Wang Yongsan could not be stopped by a few underlings just with his physical strength.

"Get out of my way!"

Both fists were thrown, one for each man.

The gatekeepers were stronger than the cannon fodder disciples below, but they had only around seven or eight points of constitution. They were directly knocked flying and landed on the ground, their lives unknown.

The one-eyed man who was chasing from behind stopped again.

Now that it was just him left, rushing forward would definitely result in death. He hesitated as Wang Yongsan ignored him and kicked open the door, rushing into the house.

The door opened,

Wang Yongsan saw a man walking towards the entrance with his first glance.

Contrary to Wang Yongsan's expectation of a man who was eight feet tall and had a waist circumference of eight feet, the Li Ti in front of him was not particularly tall or muscular. He wore glasses and looked somewhat delicate.

Luo Yusha was probably under a love potion, lying on the bed in another room with her clothes disheveled.

"Shasha."

Wang Yongsan sighed in relief and turned his head to look at Li Ti when the fire in his heart flared up again.

"Who are you?"

Li Ti had heard the commotion outside long ago. The beauty in front of him was beautiful and pure, truly exquisite. He was about to enjoy her when someone disturbed him, which made Li Ti very unhappy.

Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and said, "I'm here to kill you."

"Haha, kill me? Since you won't reveal your name, then become a nameless ghost."

This time, Li Ti took the initiative to attack. Wang Yongsan felt a blur in front of his eyes, and Li Ti was already in front of him.

So fast.

Cat's Eye.

Without time to think, after activating Cat's Eye, the speed of all scenes in front of him was slowed down. Wang Yongsan barely avoided the punch in front of him.

"Huh, not bad. No wonder you can get here. It seems I need to take things a bit more seriously." Li Ti smiled, looking as relaxed as a cat playing with a mouse.

Wang Yongsan only looked at people before and forgot to use Qi Vision to check the opponent's strength. Now he remembered to take a look at Li Ti's combat power.

Upon seeing it, Wang Yongsan was shocked.

In front of him, Li Ti's constitution reached an extraordinary eleven points, and his silver bar representing special energy was much higher than ten points, almost reaching seventeen or eighteen grids.

In comparison, the one-eyed strongman's silver grid had only three grids.

[This is the strength of Jianghu people? I thought Jianghu was the extreme path, but it seems they are two different things.]

Wang Yongsan realized the danger.

Li Ti did not continue to attack but calmly asked, "Now can you tell me who you are? We're all from Jianghu; don't accidentally hurt our own people."


Chapter 70:
```
Wang Yongsan is so young, yet he already possesses such strength. In Li Tie's eyes, he could very well be the elite offspring of a prominent family. If such a person were to die at his hands, he might suffer greatly.

In the end, although Li Tie has mixed in the martial arts world, he hasn't made a name for himself. Otherwise, he wouldn't have joined the secular world and opened this rundown martial arts school.

Even if someone from a prominent family is weaker than him, he might still not dare to provoke them.

"I've said it already; I'm here to kill you."

Wang Yongsan became alert, but since his mission hadn't changed, he could only choose to kill the other party to complete it.

"Very well; according to martial arts rules, a life-and-death duel leaves no debts. Since you insist on killing me, I'll accept your life-and-death challenge. If we both die, there will be no revenge. Otherwise, anyone in the martial arts world can kill you."

Li Tie took off his clothes, bit his finger, and solemnly wrote on the clothes while saying, "A life-and-death challenge requires at least three respected elders as witnesses. Otherwise, it must be signed in blood. I've already signed; now it's your turn."

A piece of outer clothing was dyed red with blood, bearing the initiation text for a life-and-death challenge.

Wang Yongsan was not from the martial arts world and had no idea what a life-and-death challenge was. However, after hearing Li Tie's explanation, it seemed that signing this document meant the killing would be in vain.

It appeared that martial artists had their own laws when handling matters, and Wang Yongsan's previous worry about being arrested for murder was unnecessary.

Wang Yongsan caught the bloodied garment that Li Tie threw at him. "Alright, I'll sign it."

Wang Yongsan bit his finger, which hurt a little. He wrote his name in an elegant manner, and the life-and-death challenge was thus initiated.

With this document in hand, Li Tie had no more reservations and laughed loudly as he charged towards Wang Yongsan. "Die, little brat! Let me show you the power of my Iron Hand."

Li Tie's hands emitted a faint gray light, making them look like iron. Although they were flesh and blood, they seemed metallic.

Even with luck assisting his defense, Wang Yongsan dared not block this attack. With the assistance of the cat's eye, he managed to dodge it in advance.

*Thud!*

Li Tie's Iron Hand missed Wang Yongsan but grabbed the wall behind him, as if grabbing tofu, tearing out a large chunk of cement.

Wang Yongsan's face turned pale with fear.








It seemed that Li Tie's Iron Hand was indeed made of iron. His claws could tear through cement; Wang Yongsan finally realized how naive he had been.

*Crackle crackle crackle crackle…*

Li Tie, having gained the upper hand, continued to claw at Wang Yongsan.

These claws could tear through cement; how could Wang Yongsan dare to let them touch him? He could only keep running.

Fortunately, Li Tie's martial arts were focused on his hands, and his speed wasn't fast. Wang Yongsan kept running; he couldn't catch up for the time being.

"Kid, don't run! A life-and-death challenge means I will pursue you to the ends of the earth and won't let you go."

Although Li Tie said this, he dared not let Wang Yongsan escape. He believed that Wang Yongsan had a family background, and once he escaped and found someone skilled from his family, Li Tie would be doomed.

Therefore, he must kill Wang Yongsan here today.

Wang Yongsan rushed out of the house, and there was the one-eyed strongman outside.
```


Chapter 71:
Seeing Wang Yongsan fleeing with the owner of the martial arts school chasing him, the one-eyed strongman suddenly found courage and stood in front of Wang Yongsan.

"If you want to leave, you'll have to get past me first."

The corridor was not wide enough for Wang Yongsan to bypass the one-eyed man. He had no choice but to charge through.

"Die for me!"

Wang Yongsan threw a punch with all his strength. The one-eyed man also gave it his all, crossing his arms in front of him and risking his life to block the attack. Unbeknownst to Wang Yongsan, all his breath had been concentrated into that punch, making its power almost equal to Li Tie's iron fist.

Crack!

Crack!

A series of bone-cracking sounds echoed. Wang Yongsan's iron fist broke through the one-eyed man's arms with ease and slammed into his chest, sending him flying off the ground for over three meters before he landed on the floor.

"Wa!"

The one-eyed man spat out a mouthful of blood and kicked his legs, never to breathe again.

"Brother!"

Li Tie cried out and quickly ran to the one-eyed man's side, crouching down. When he checked for a pulse, he found that the man was already dead. The one-eyed man was three times larger than Li Tie, but he was actually his younger brother. Seeing his brother die so horribly, Li Tie's eyes turned red with anger.

"Damn it! Today I will tear you limb from limb and use your body to bury my brother."

The delay caused by the one-eyed man's death allowed Wang Yongsan to escape to the stairway. Li Tie gently laid his brother down on the ground, lowered his eyelids so he could die with his eyes closed, and then continued chasing Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan's plan was simple: if he escaped now, he would still die once the mission failed. So his escape was a ruse; finding food was his real goal. With all his points spent, he had no chance to try his luck and draw another ability. He could only rely on the existing conditions to kill Li Tie, and the only ability left was "glutton."

"Where's the cafeteria?"

"Cafeterias are usually on the first floor. Why can't I find it?"

"Got it! It's here."

Wang Yongsan searched the first floor and finally found the cafeteria at the far end. Due to the chaos outside, everyone in the cafeteria had hidden themselves away. Wang Yongsan rushed inside and stuffed whatever food he could find into his mouth. The martial arts school's students trained intensely, consuming a lot of meat; these high-energy foods quickly filled Wang Yongsan up after he ate less than ten pounds of meat.

"Hmph, even when death is imminent, he wants to be a full-bellied ghost."

Li Tie descended from the third floor and continued chasing Wang Yongsan. Wang Yongsan retreated while continuing to eat, but Li Tie didn't give him a chance. He grabbed an iron table and threw it at Wang Yongsan. Wang Yongsan dodged, but the table missed him and instead hit his food, scattering meat and vegetables onto the floor. Wang Yongsan had nothing left to eat.

"Although I'm not full yet, it should be enough. I wonder if I can withstand his claws now."

Wang Yongsan took a deep breath and used his internal energy to store the air around him.

"Come on then!" Wang Yongsan waved his hand.

Li Tie rushed forward and reached Wang Yongsan in a moment.


Chapter 72:
The death of his younger brother dealt a significant blow to Li Tie, who has now exerted his full strength, forsaking two-tenths of his power and increasing his attack speed by four tenths.

Wang Yongsan possesses cat's eyes, so his vision can keep up with the speed, but his physical speed falls short, leaving him narrowly escaping danger at every turn.

"Now is the time."

Li Tie finally managed to grab Wang Yongsan with one claw, roaring, "Break for me!"

"F*ck your break!"

Wang Yongsan had nowhere to retreat, so he could only channel all his internal energy to resist Li Tie's claw.

"Pu,"

Blood splattered everywhere.

The defense formed by the metabolism energy and breath condensed together still couldn't fully withstand Li Tie's claw. Wang Yongsan's chest was immediately torn apart, leaving a mess of blood and flesh.

However, it's fortunate that Li Tie's claw strength couldn't instantly kill Wang Yongsan. It was just a flesh wound.

"Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch!"

A piece of flesh was gone, and Wang Yongsan, who had never fought much since he was a child, couldn't bear the pain.

Li Tie withdrew his claw after landing the blow, although he was surprised that Wang Yongsan wasn't killed. He quickly regained his composure and launched a second claw attack.

"Pu,"

Another sound of flesh being torn, this time on Wang Yongsan's shoulder. After one claw, Wang Yongsan's shoulder was a mess of blood and flesh, and he couldn't lift his arm anymore.

"Haha, kid, go to your brother's grave with me!"

Li Tie laughed loudly. His third claw came down like a mountain towards Wang Yongsan's head.

Having been clawed twice, Wang Yongsan stopped dodging and roared, disregarding the danger above his head. He used all his strength to punch towards Li Tie's head.

When cornered, one fights with desperation.

Wang Yongsan didn't believe that Li Tie would dare to fight him to the death.

"Zheng,"

The fist grazed Li Tie's face and passed by. He finally didn't dare to clash with Wang Yongsan head-on and chose to retreat.

"Whew~Hah~"

Wang Yongsan gasped in pain. After these two claw attacks, the metabolism energy he had consumed was more than one-third of what he had eaten.

Moreover, this energy continued to deplete at an astonishing rate.

"Why is this happening? Could it be that under the condition of bleeding, metabolism energy helps me stop the bleeding?"

Wang Yongsan looked down at his chest wound in surprise and discovered that the bleeding from his chest had completely stopped. Not only did it stop the bleeding, but the flesh around the wound was also visibly writhing and slowly repairing itself.

"My God, what kind of monster am I?"

Wang Yongsan was startled by his own body, which wasn't human at all.

The talent of the glutton converts metabolism energy.

What is metabolism?

Metabolism, in full, refers to the anabolic and catabolic processes that occur continuously during our biological survival and growth.

New cells replace old ones, good cells replace bad ones, not only related to our body growth but also automatically repairing some negative states within us, such as detoxification, blood clotting, and flesh regeneration.

Wang Yongsan had previously treated metabolism energy as defense, but that was just an additional effect while the energy was stored.

The greatest function of metabolism energy should be healing.








</div>


Chapter 73:
Previously, when Wang Yongsan obtained the gluttonous ability, there was a special note on metabolizing energy in the introduction. It clearly explained that metabolizing energy is a type of life energy with weakening, damage resistance, and healing properties.

Wang Yongsan didn't expect the healing effect to be so extraordinary.

The metabolizing energy was still being consumed, and Wang Yongsan's chest wound was nearly healed, with the pain in his shoulder significantly reduced.

"Eat, I must continue to eat. As long as there is metabolizing energy in my body, I won't die."

Wang Yongsan scanned the cafeteria; there was plenty of food, but most of it was raw. The few cooked dishes had been knocked over by Li Tie earlier.

In a life-or-death situation, Wang Yongsan couldn't care less. He picked up a whole roast chicken from the ground and swallowed it, bones and all.

At this moment, Li Tie noticed something amiss; even the greediest person wouldn't think about eating in such a situation.

"His wounds have actually healed?" Li Tie finally realized something was wrong. The wound that had been bleeding profusely earlier was now completely white, with new skin as delicate as a baby's.

Li Tie's face paled, and he shivered, "Who are you?"

Wang Yongsan was busy eating and had no time to answer him.

Li Tie remembered a legend from the martial arts world: there was an influential hidden evil sect, and only its most core disciples could learn Wang Yongsan's indestructible martial arts.

The sect was ruthless in its actions and had immense power; even with the life-and-death decision, they wouldn't let him off.

However, Li Tie had already become enemies with Wang Yongsan; reconciliation was impossible, and his brother couldn't die in vain. It seemed the only option was to kill him and then go into hiding abroad.

Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!

Li Tie charged again.

Wang Yongsan wasn't full yet, but there was no time to eat anymore. Li Tie used his Iron Palm on him, so he returned with an Iron Fist.

Li Tie was afraid of Wang Yongsan's healing ability and was determined to end the fight quickly, attacking and defending with everything but his vital points.

Puff! Puff! Puff!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Wang Yongsan lost several chunks of flesh, and Li Tie broke four or five bones.

To Wang Yongsan's delight, Li Tie's silver energy bar at the top of his head was gradually fading, almost depleted.

-He's running out of energy.

Wang Yongsan saw hope. According to the previous consumption rate, Li Tie's remaining energy could only support three more attacks and defenses; as long as he endured these few moves, victory was assured.

Li Tie also realized his energy was almost gone but couldn't relax at all, given Wang Yongsan's near-death state.

"Kill!" He lunged at Wang Yongsan's head with a claw.

Wang Yongsan used the same tactic, striking back at his head, "You can't kill me."

This time, Li Tie didn't retreat, his claw hitting Wang Yongsan's forehead directly, tearing off most of his scalp.

But he didn't get another chance.


Chapter 74:
```
Wang Yongsan's punch landed on his chin, and the force was even greater than Li Tie had imagined. His remaining energy was depleted instantly, and he was sent flying out with a single punch.

Blood flowed down from his head, dripping into Wang Yongsan's eyes.

With all his metabolic energy exhausted, Wang Yongsan couldn't bother to replenish it. He limped over to Li Tie, who was struggling on the ground.

He grabbed a cleaver from the table next to him.

Closing his eyes, he swung it down with all his might.

Li Tie was dead.

Looking at the person he had killed with his own hands, Wang Yongsan's heart raced wildly. He fled the scene as if he were escaping and ran upstairs.

Before reaching the second floor, a group of people suddenly rushed in from outside.

There were about twenty of them, and Wang Yongsan recognized a few as disciples from the Iron Palm Martial Arts School.

"It's him! Everyone, attack!"

"Be careful, brothers. This kid is not simple."

"He's half-dead already; how could he be complicated?"

"Take revenge for our brothers. Kill this little bastard!"

The system that brings misfortune was right; birds of a feather flock together.

People who associate with villains are often villains themselves.

These Iron Palm Martial Arts School disciples must have been called back by the One-Eyed today when they weren't training, and they were about to attack without even bothering to find out the situation.

Wang Yongsan had only focused on killing Li Tie and almost forgot about Task One. Now that these people were delivering themselves to him, he might as well incapacitate them all at once.

A bunch of cannon fodder; even without the metabolic energy support, they were no match for Wang Yongsan.

Some had broken legs, some had broken arms, and others had several broken ribs. In less than ten minutes, most of the twenty or so people were dealt with.

Only about five or six escaped, and Wang Yongsan didn't bother to chase them when he saw that the task was completed.

He returned to the room on the third floor.

Luoyu Sha was still unconscious.

"Sha Sha, wake up, Sha Sha!" Wang Yongsan pushed Luoyu Sha with his blood-stained hand.

He assumed the dosage of the knockout drug was not large, and under Wang Yongsan's wake-up call, Luoyu Sha gradually regained consciousness.

"Ah~~"

A shrill scream erupted as Luoyu Sha was almost scared to death by the blood-covered figure in front of her.

"Sha Sha, what's wrong? It's me, Wang Yongsan. You're okay now."

Wang Yongsan thought she was scared by Li Tie's people and had no idea how terrifying he looked, covered in blood.

"Yongsan, what happened? Why are you all covered in blood?"

Luoyu Sha recognized Wang Yongsan's voice and, upon closer inspection, saw that the figure beneath the blood was indeed her boyfriend.

Luoyu Sha sat up abruptly and wanted to touch Wang Yongsan, but he was covered in blood, leaving no place for her hands.

It wasn't that Luoyu Sha was disgusted by the blood; she was just afraid of touching Wang Yongsan's wounds and causing him pain.

Luoyu Sha started crying.

Wang Yongsan managed a weak smile: "Silly girl, I told you I'm okay. They're all defeated by me; don't cry, okay?"

"You're the silly one!"

Luoyu Sha cried even harder: "Why did you fight so desperately? You've lost so much blood; it could kill you!"

Wang Yongsan smiled: "Isn't that what I said? I want to be your knight in shining armor. Even if I die, I won't let you get hurt."

```


Chapter 75:
Luo Yusha pounced forward and tightly hugged Wang Yongsan.

Crying, she said, "Fool, you big fool, how can I live without you?"

After crying for a while, Luo Yusha remembered that Wang Yongsan was injured and quickly separated from him. She looked him up and down and asked, "You're hurt like this; did you call an ambulance?"

Wang Yongsan took out his phone, but it was already smashed to pieces.

Luo Yusha checked her own pocket and found that her phone was still there. She quickly took it out to make a call.

Before the call could go through, police sirens were heard from downstairs.

Wang Yongsan chuckled. Seeing Luo Yusha's anxious expression, he deliberately tried to appear relaxed and said, "These police officers are just like those in movies; they only come after the fight is over. They're useless!"








The police arrived, and the leader was none other than Hua Shengnan, the female officer who had met Wang Yongsan once before.

Upon seeing Wang Yongsan's bloodied appearance, even Hua Shengnan was shocked.

She had seen many gruesome scenes before, but this was the first time she encountered something so severe. Only car accident scenes could compare, and those had to involve fatalities.

"Don't move! Slowly raise your hands and squat down with your head against your knees!"

Realizing the situation, Hua Shengnan immediately pointed her gun at Wang Yongsan.

Luo Yusha climbed off the bed and stood in front of Wang Yongsan, saying to the police officer, "Officer, we are good people. We were kidnapped here. This is my boyfriend."

"Boyfriend?"

Hua Shengnan looked at Wang Yongsan and felt that he seemed familiar.

Wang Yongsan was too weak to move, so he said weakly, "Officer Hua, I'm injured all over and can barely move. Can I just sit on the bed instead of squatting with my hands behind my head?"

"You are that someone?"

Hua Shengnan initially found Wang Yongsan familiar, but upon hearing his voice, she remembered who he was.

However, being a bit clumsy, she couldn't recall Wang Yongsan's name.

Wang Yongsan awkwardly said, "Uh, yes, I am that someone. You can put the gun down first; don't accidentally shoot me."

Hua Shengnan had initially planned to let the two go after hearing Luo Yusha's words, but now that she knew Wang Yongsan was the bloodied man, she couldn't let him off easily.

"Don't waste my time! You are a criminal with serious crimes; you injured someone severely last time, and this time you even killed someone. I must bring you to justice today! Squat down now, or I will shoot!" Hua Shengnan shouted sternly.

Wang Yongsan was afraid that she would lose her composure, so he quickly said, "Okay, okay, I'll squat down. Please don't get excited."

This female officer not only had a 'big explosion' in an inappropriate place but also had a temper as explosive as her appearance.

Wang Yongsan had no choice but to squat down. Luo Yusha supported him and squatted with him.

Hua Shengnan said, "Hey, you don't need to squat; just stay away from him."

Luo Yusha didn't like her and shouted, "I want to! It's none of your business!"

Hua Shengnan snorted coldly and said, "Fine, it's your choice. An unwise woman who loves such a scoundrel; you can squat all you want!"

After saying that, Hua Shengnan reported the situation using her walkie-talkie. Soon after, more people came upstairs, and this time it was Director Lin himself who came up.

"Who are you?"

Director Lin looked at Wang Yongsan's bloodied appearance and found him familiar as well.

</div>


Chapter 76:
```
Wang Yongsan wondered if he was that difficult to recognize, so he had no choice but to introduce himself: “Director Lin, I am Wang Yongsan. We met yesterday.”

“Wang Yongsan?”

Director Lin thought for a moment, then suddenly his eyes lit up: “You're that young man from the Chen family?”

Wang Yongsan sighed and nodded: “Yes, it's me.”

Director Lin originally thought that after solving such a big case with many casualties, he would definitely gain significant achievements. He didn't expect that the suspect would be someone from Chen Tianlong's side.

However, this was even better. If he could get on well with Chen Tianlong, it would be much more useful than just getting a merit.

“Ah, young man, why are you in such a state? Come on, come and sit down.”

Director Lin walked forward to help Wang Yongsan up.

Behind him, Huashengnan was unhappy.

This female police officer was quite righteous and warned loudly: “Director Lin, he killed someone and disabled many others. You can't shield him this time no matter what!”

Director Lin glared at her: “Nonsense, how can you call it shielding? Did you see him hitting someone yourself? He's just a young man. How could he fight so many people alone? Moreover, one of them is the master of the Iron Palm Martial Arts School.”

Wang Yongsan said with a wry smile: “Director Lin, I did indeed kill someone.”

“What?!”

Director Lin didn't expect Wang Yongsan to admit it so straightforwardly, giving him a feeling of having an unreliable teammate.

“So, is there any reason for it? It should be self-defense, right?” Director Lin reminded him.

This time, Wang Yongsan didn't make a fool of himself again. Although he took the initiative to come here, it was for saving Luo Yusha, which should be considered self-defense.

“Yes, they wanted to bully my girlfriend. I came to save her and ended up being surrounded, so I fought back a little.”

What the hell was just fighting back a little?!

Director Lin sighed: “Alright, I know about this matter. From the scene, it does look like self-defense. Don't worry, young man, we will not wrong an innocent person in the police force.”

Wang Yongsan expressed his gratitude: “Thank you, Director Lin.”

“Of course, of course.”

Wang Yongsan also smiled.

“Alright, I decide that since Wang Yongsan is severely injured, it's not suitable for him to be questioned immediately. Call an ambulance to send him to the hospital first. Officer Xiao Hu and Xiao Xu, come here and help Wang Yongsan onto the ambulance.”

Director Lin gave an order, and two young police officers had no choice but to help Wang Yongsan, who was covered in blood, down the stairs.

Huashengnan was so angry behind them that she clenched her fists and threatened Wang Yongsan: “Mr. Wang, you wait for me! I will not let you get away with this! Humph!”

In the hospital.

Wang Yongsan was receiving an IV drip.

Actually, he could recover quickly by eating, but now everyone knew that he was injured. If he recovered too fast, it might raise suspicions.

Moreover, having injuries would make Luo Yusha care more about him.

Since they met until now, because of Wang Yongsan's cowardice, Luo Yusha had always been the dominant one. She had never been as gentle as today before.

“Yongsan, eat some orange slices. Open your mouth.”

“Ah~”

“Do you want to eat? I'll feed you, okay?”

“Okay, but I can't sit up. You have to feed me with your mouth.”

“Hateful~ Bad guy!”
```


Chapter 77:
In the hospital room, the two of them were intimate, with Luo Yusha obeying everything. It was easier to get these good things today than it had ever been before.

Wang Yongsan had never experienced such treatment before, and he couldn't help but feel that this reckless act was truly worth it.

After eating, Wang Yongsan was ready to try for some other benefits when there was a knock on the door of the ward.

"Who is it?"

"It's me."

The door opened, and Lin Shishi walked in.

"I heard that Wang classmate was injured, so I came to take a look. Did we disturb you?" Lin Shishi's face was flushed red.

She had actually come earlier, but when she saw Luo Yusha feeding Wang Yongsan with her mouth, she didn't dare to come in.

Luo Yusha felt guilty like a thief, her face also red, and she waved her hands repeatedly, "No, no. There's no disturbance at all. Please come in quickly."

Lin Shishi entered the room, holding a bag of fruit in her hand.

Luo Yusha took the things and gave Lin Shishi a chair to sit on.

Having two beautiful women accompany him, and both of these women had kissed Wang Yongsan, this feeling was truly too stimulating.

Lin Shishi blamed herself, "It's all my fault. Before, Wang classmate got into trouble because of me, and this time it must be related to Wang Hao. I'm the one who harmed him."

Outside, all kinds of rumors were circulating. Lin Shishi only heard that Wang Yongsan was beaten and hospitalized, but she didn't know who did it.

She thought that Wang Hao failed once and then found someone else to deal with Wang Yongsan. Seeing him so injured, she felt even more guilty.








Lin Shishi thought that Wang Yongsan was injured because he helped her get rid of Wang Hao, so she felt both grateful and guilty towards him.

Although feeling like a school idol's hero was great, Wang Yongsan still told her the truth.

"Lin classmate, you've got it wrong. These people are here for Sha Sha. It has nothing to do with you."

Luo Yusha also followed up, "That's right, Lin classmate. Yongsan was injured while saving me. Did you get it wrong?"

Lin Shishi was taken aback for a moment. She didn't know that Luo Yusha had been kidnapped by Tie Shou Wushuang. She was surprised and asked, "Was it not those people from the movie theater this morning?"

As soon as she said these words, Wang Yongsan knew he was in trouble.

Sure enough, the next second, Luo Yusha's expression changed.

"What do you mean by movie theater?"

Wang Yongsan quickly explained, "It's nothing. It's just that... actually..."

He was sweating profusely after talking for a long time, but he couldn't say anything coherent.

Lin Shishi also realized that she had said something wrong, but she was smarter than Wang Yongsan and quickly tried to make amends, "Actually, it's like this. This morning I was supposed to go see a movie with my friend, but she had something urgent to do, so I had an extra ticket. Since Wang classmate helped me yesterday, I thought it would be a waste if I didn't use it, so I gave him one."

There were several pairs of students from Longtai University who went to see the movie that day, so there was no way to hide it.

Moreover, Lin Shishi was the school idol, and there were often news about her on the campus forum. Luo Yusha was well-liked, so even if she hadn't seen it herself, someone would have told her.

It was better to clarify everything now rather than wait for her to find out later and ask questions.


Chapter 78:
Linda said, "Actually, earlier at the cinema, Wang also got hurt for me. It wasn't as serious, so when I heard he was injured again, I thought it was the same people."

Wang Yongsan felt like crying but had no tears.

Linda's words seemed to be expressing gratitude towards Wang, but in Rosy's eyes, it was a challenge.

You said that Wang got hurt for you?

He could also get hurt for me.

Rosy understood the underlying meaning and looked at Linda with a smile. Linda also returned her gaze with a calm smile.

Both women were unyielding, and Wang Yongsan felt cold sweat breaking out on his forehead.

"Um... Linda, have you eaten? Why don't you go back and eat first?" Wang Yongsan said cautiously.

Linda smiled gently, "I've already eaten. Rosy hasn't eaten yet, right? Why don't I stay here and help you look after Yongsan while you go eat."

Even the address had changed from Wang to Yongsan directly.

If Rosy wasn't sure before, Linda's words confirmed her suspicion that Linda was indeed challenging her.

"It's alright, Linda is an outsider after all; some favors are hard to return." Rosy hinted subtly that she and Wang Yongsan were in a relationship.

Linda smiled sweetly, "It's okay; although I've known Yongsan for a short time, we are quite close friends."

As Linda spoke, she glanced at Wang Yongsan meaningfully. She didn't know why she suddenly said these things.

After kissing Wang Yongsan in the morning, Linda felt restless and wanted to keep her distance from him. But when she said "Yongsan" out of nowhere just now, she suddenly realized that her originally upset heart felt unusually pleasant.

Could it be that she was really in love?

Linda didn't know, but she couldn't help wanting to compete with Rosy. Even if it was just gaining an advantage in words, she wanted to win.

The atmosphere in the ward became a bit strange; all three had their own thoughts and didn't speak.

At that moment, someone pushed the door open again, and this time it wasn't just one or two people.

"Wow, Third Brother, you're amazing; getting injured and having two beauties taking care of you."

"Shut up, your words are as dirty as a dog's mouth."

"Brother Three, are you okay? Rosy, Linda, nice to meet you."

The visitors were Wang Yongsan's three roommates from his dormitory.

"Big Brother, Second Brother, Fourth Brother, why are you here? Come and sit." Wang Yongsan felt like he saw a savior and quickly sat up from the bed to greet them.

With two beauties on one side, Big Brother, Second Brother, and Fourth Brother sat down on the other side of the bed.

Fourth Brother spoke the most and said, "Brother Three, your one-on-one fight with Iron Fist Martial Arts Club has spread throughout the school. One of those five guys you let go was a senior from our fourth year. You don't know, when he came back to school, his pants were wet."

Rosy was puzzled, "Wet pants? What does that mean?"

Fourth Brother chuckled, "You don't know this either? He peed his pants out of fear."

</div>


Chapter 79:
Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi both laughed happily upon hearing this.

A campus beauty and a department beauty, the two stunning women were smiling at them so closely that it made Lao Da, Lao Er, and Lao Si's eyes go straight.

Wang Yongsan felt jealous and waved his hand to interrupt, "Hey hey hey, you three, are you satisfied with looking yet?"

The trio responded in unison, "Not yet."

Wang Yongsan complained, "If you haven't had enough, go back and look at your left and right hands. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder; that's what you should be looking at."

The three boys were left blushing, while the two beauties understood the meaning and laughed even more joyfully.

The previous awkwardness dissipated completely, and the atmosphere became lively afterward.

Soon it was nighttime.

The three roommates prepared to leave, and Lin Shishi decided not to overdo it and planned to return to school with them.

Wang Yongsan, who was 'severely injured' and unable to move, needed Luo Yusha to stay at the hospital with him. She had to help feed him and take care of his needs, something she wouldn't let the nurse do.

Meanwhile...

On the other side, in a residential building for government employees, within the underground parking lot.

Wang Hao was sitting in the driver's seat of a car, with a man with a buzz cut who was slightly older sitting next to him in the passenger seat.

"What did you say? The entire Iron Palm Martial Arts Club was wiped out by him, and even Li Tie was beaten to death?" Wang Hao frowned in disbelief.

The man sitting next to him was the senior from the Iron Palm Martial Arts Club who escaped along with four others.

He spoke with a trembling voice, "Yeah, Brother Hao, you must protect me. I did it because of your orders; I incited the club leader to capture his girlfriend. If he finds out about this, he will definitely kill me."

Wang Hao's face darkened as he said, "Don't worry; he won't have a chance to cause you trouble."

The boy's eyes lit up and asked, "What does Brother Hao mean?"

Wang Hao smirked maliciously and replied, "Since he Wang Yongsan is so capable, able to defeat over fifty people by himself and even handle martial artists, it's a pity that he has now killed someone and has a murder case on his hands. I can use the official forces to deal with him then. If he doesn't fight back, he will surely die; if he does fight back, it's still a dead end for him."








In the hospital room, Wang Yongsan grinned mischievously and said, "Sasha, I need to urinate."

Luo Yusha blushed and complained, "Why do you need to urinate again? Didn't you just go?"

Wang Yongsan chuckled, "I don't know; maybe I drank too much water. Hurry up and help me, or I'll wet the bed."

"Humph, we'll see if you can actually do it first."

Luo Yusha spoke fiercely, but her actions had already begun.

Wang Yongsan's room was a VIP room, with a single bed and a small bathroom.

Luo Yusha helped Wang Yongsan get off the bed and slowly moved him to the bathroom.

"Sasha, I need your help again."

"I know."

Luo Yusha's face was deeply red.

When a boy urinates, he usually uses both hands—one to pull down his pants and the other to hold onto the faucet.

Wang Yongsan now needed Luo Yusha's support to stand up straight since he could only use one hand. Therefore, he needed Luo Yusha to lend a helping hand.

</div>


Chapter 80:
"You just need to help me pull down my pants."

"I don't need you to remind me."

"Be careful, don't miss the spot, or you'll end up peeing on your pants."

"I won't look, I know if you see me looking, you won't be able to go."

Just like Wang Yongsan had said earlier, and as a result, she looked and things went wrong.

The faucet was frozen, with the water inside it trapped by ice, unable to be released no matter how hard they tried. Eventually, Luo Yusha turned her head away and only after a long time was it possible to unfreeze it.

This time, he wouldn't let him do that again.

Luo Yusha didn't fall for it, but Wang Yongsan had other plans and was getting ready to put them into action when the door of the ward was violently pushed open.

Someone rushed in from outside and shouted, "It's bad, the suspect has fled to avoid punishment and has already left the hospital."

Wang Yongsan felt dizzy for a moment, wondering what was wrong with this female officer's head. How could someone who is clearly using the restroom be fleeing to avoid punishment?

Moreover, Director Lin was a full director-general, why did this deputy director have to go against him?

Luo Yusha whispered, "Is it that female officer?"

Wang Yongsan nodded. "Don't make a sound, let's see how stupid she can be."

Luo Yusha covered her mouth and snickered; even she thought that the female officer outside was a bit too straightforward.

That's right, the female police officer outside was Hua Shengnan.

After returning from Tie Shou Wushu Club today, Director Lin went to Chen Tianlong's place to boast about his achievements, but he didn't expect that Chen Tianlong would be indifferent. Instead, it was Vice Mayor Wang who called, instructing the Public Security Bureau to strictly handle this murder case.

Director Lin was an old fox; upon hearing these words, he realized that this case had already been classified as a murder case, clearly indicating that someone wanted him to investigate Wang Yongsan.

But Wang Yongsan was Chen Tianlong's man; even though Chen always had a lukewarm attitude, he couldn't investigate his own people.

So Director Lin handed the case over to Hua Shengnan, this explosive-tempered and well-endowed deputy director of public security. Although her mind was a bit lacking, her integrity was admirable; upon hearing that she could arrest Wang Yongsan, she didn't care about offending anyone and rushed over with her people.

"Quickly, contact headquarters and ask them to check the surrounding Skynet cameras to see which direction the suspect fled." Hua Shengnan ordered the two policemen following her.

One of them held a law enforcement recorder and analyzed, "Director Hua, I think the suspect might not have fled. You see, his shoes are still here; he wouldn't run away wearing slippers, right?"

The other also nodded in agreement and pointed at the bathroom. "Director Hua, it seems like this place hasn't been checked yet."

Hearing the two policemen's words, Hua Shengnan finally realized that she had been too impulsive again.

But she wouldn't admit her mistake; instead, she shouted loudly, "If you haven't checked it yet, why don't you check it? Do I have to do everything myself?"

The two policemen were used to working with Hua Shengnan and had become accustomed to her scolding.

Upon hearing this, both of them silently turned around and reached out towards the bathroom door.

"There's no need to look for him; I'm right here."

Wang Yongsan opened the bathroom door and, with Luo Yusha's support, walked out.

Hua Shengnan saw him and sneered, "Aren't you good at running? Now you can't run away, right?"

Wang Yongsan rolled his eyes and said, "Where did I run? I've been in the bathroom this whole time."


Chapter 81:
Thinking to herself: This silly girl, if she didn't have two soldiers following her, I would probably be a fugitive now.

Flower Shengnan was about to lose her temper after being provoked, but she held it back because of the body camera. She said angrily, "Wang Yongsan, I'll let you talk back now. You'll cry later. Take this person away with me. I want to interrogate him properly."

Luo Yusha stepped forward and sternly questioned, "Your director said let us treat here first. Why are you arresting people indiscriminately?"

Flower Shengnan arrogantly replied, "Because now I am fully responsible for this matter. Even if the director himself intercedes for you, it won't work."

Luo Yusha wanted to argue further but was stopped by Wang Yongsan.

"Okay, Yusha. We have nothing to fear if we are upright. Even if we go to the police station, she can't do anything to me. You go back to school first."

Luo Yusha's eyes were red as she said, "But you still have injuries. If I'm not by your side, how will you eat? How will you go to the bathroom?"

Wang Yongsan gently persuaded, "Don't worry. Someone will take care of me. Maybe they'll find me annoying and release me early."

Luo Yusha couldn't help but laugh.

"Then you should be as annoying as possible."

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "That's for sure."

Flower Shengnan was a veteran virgin. Although she looked good and had a hot figure, her temper was too bad, and she had violent tendencies. At the age of twenty-six, she hadn't been in a relationship yet.

This wave of dog food made her heart burn even more.

"I ask you, are you two finished? Xiao Xu, Xiao Zhao, take this person away with me quickly."

Flower Shengnan shouted at the other two policemen.

The two soldiers reluctantly stepped forward.

"Young man, don't make it difficult for us. Let's go."

Wang Yongsan nodded and said to Luo Yusha, "You go back too. Don't worry about me. I'll be out soon."

Flower Shengnan thought to herself, "You probably won't be able to get out this time. But I'm afraid they will have a farewell like dying, which will waste a lot of time. So I had to swallow my words."

Going downstairs,

Getting into the police car.

Wang Yongsan was brought to the Criminal Police Brigade. The two soldiers helped him into the interrogation room. Flower Shengnan asked them to leave and stayed alone to interrogate him.

"Boy, confess and be lenient; resist and be severe. Quickly tell me all the crimes you committed, or don't blame me for being rough."

With only two people in the room, Flower Shengnan became arrogant.

The camera had been turned off by her, and Wang Yongsan was handcuffed to the chair. Now he couldn't call for help, and Flower Shengnan could do whatever she wanted to him.

Wang Yongsan laughed wickedly, "Try hitting me if you dare."

Flower Shengnan's fist made a crackling sound as she threatened, "Do you think I dare not hit you?"

Wang Yongsan acted shamelessly, "I don't know if you dare or not. But I just know that I am severely injured now, with internal injuries all over my body. If you touch me, I'll die in front of you."








"You... you're shameless," Flower Shengnan was furious at Wang Yongsan's shameless behavior.

</div>


Chapter 82:
```
Wang Yongsan smirked and said, "I'm shameless, so what? Do you have the ability to hit me? Come on, come on, try hitting me. Don't blame me for not telling you. The doctor said my internal organs are displaced and I have multiple internal injuries. If you hit me even a little bit too hard, I might really die."

"Wa yaya…I'm so angry!"

Hua Shengnan gritted her teeth, and her fists made a crackling sound.

However, just like Wang Yongsan said, Hua Shengnan had specifically asked the doctor about his condition before. The doctor's suggestion was that he shouldn't even move at all.

But how could Hua Shengnan, with her explosive temper, not retaliate after being teased like this.

Since hitting is out of the question, I have other ways to deal with you.

Hua Shengnan stomped out angrily, and within a few minutes, she returned with several items in her hand.

She grinned menacingly and slowly approached Wang Yongsan step by step.

"What do you want to do? You're not really planning on hitting me, are you? Killing someone means paying with your life." Wang Yongsan felt that something was wrong with the atmosphere and became a little worried.

Hua Shengnan sneered, "Don't worry, I won't hit you, but I will torture you well."

Torture me?

Wang Yongsan still couldn't figure out what kind of torture it was when Hua Shengnan had already opened one of the items in her hand.

"Fengyoujing?"

"That's right, it's Fengyoujing."

Hua Shengnan smiled slyly as she unscrewed the cap and shook it in her hand, "Fengyoujing is a great thing. When I'm on duty and staying up late, I often put a few drops on my temples. However, an accident made me realize that it has another use. Do you know what it is?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head honestly, "I don't know."

"You will soon find out."

Hua Shengnan looked like a demon, giggling as she walked up to Wang Yongsan.

She squatted down and started unhooking Wang Yongsan's belt.

"Hey, what are you doing? You're not really a hooligan, are you? Stop it right now!"

Wang Yongsan was taken aback. He never expected this explosive female police officer to actually want to do such a thing to him.

Although the female police officer was very beautiful, and her figure was explosive, Wang Yongsan wasn't that kind of casual person. He wouldn't easily give himself to someone without any emotional foundation, and he was still a virgin. His first time would definitely be reserved for Luo Yusha, and he wouldn't succumb to this female police officer's tyranny.

"You stinky hooligan, let go of me right now! Otherwise, I'll scream!"

"Hahaha, go ahead and scream. This is my territory. Even if you scream until your throat breaks, no one will come to save you."

Hua Shengnan was extremely proud.

Wang Yongsan was handcuffed to the chair and couldn't move freely. Even though his physique was much stronger than Hua Shengnan's, he still couldn't stop his pants from being pulled down.

As the last piece of underwear was about to be removed, Wang Yongsan finally reached his limit.

"Help! Someone is raping me! Save me!"

Wang Yongsan screamed loudly. To avoid being defiled, he used all his strength.

Hua Shengnan was flushed with embarrassment by him, "What are you talking about? Who wants to rape you?"

Wang Yongsan said indignantly, "It's you! I didn't agree to it, but you want to forcefully have a relationship with me. Isn't this considered rape?"

```


Chapter 83:
Flower Mengyu's face was so red it looked like it would drip blood. She huffed, "You, you're daydreaming. If I wanted to do something like that, I could just spread a rumor and have countless men kneel at my feet in those police pants. Why would I need to resort to force?"

Wang Yongsan sneered, "You wish. Not only are you daydreaming, but you're also having a fantasy in broad daylight. With your silly and impulsive temperament, it would be a miracle if anyone liked you."

"What did you say?"

"I said you're silly and stupid, with a bad temper. You'll never get married in this lifetime."

These words were like poking a beehive.

Flower Mengyu hated it when people called her silly and stupid the most. Compared to having a bad temper or not getting married, those insults were nothing. Yet Wang Yongsan had called her silly and stupid twice in a row, how could she tolerate that?

"Kid, prepare to die. Let me show you the agony of being burned by essential oil."

Flower Mengyu used her hands and feet to try and spread Wang Yongsan's legs apart.

Wang Yongsan was horrified. He thought this crazy woman was too lawless, even in such a situation, she still wanted to do something beastly to him.

He tightly clenched his legs together and shouted, "Help! Rape!"

"Rape your grandma! Open your legs right now!"

"I won't open them. A man can be killed but not humiliated. I will keep my first time for my future wife."

"Fuck, stop dreaming! Open your legs honestly or you'll suffer more."

"You're the one dreaming! I will never submit to you, give up that thought."

CRACK!

The door of the interrogation room suddenly opened.

A police officer who had brought Wang Yongsan back earlier appeared at the door.

Flower Mengyu and Wang Yongsan were both stunned.

The interrogation room was soundproof, so even though Wang Yongsan had been shouting loudly inside, no one outside could hear a thing.

This police officer wanted to report something to Flower Mengyu, but as soon as he opened the door, he saw a stimulating scene.

At that moment, Wang Yongsan was handcuffed to the chair, and from the door, it seemed like he wasn't wearing anything below. Flower Mengyu was flushed red and squatting in front of Wang Yongsan, her hands seemingly doing something.

In an instant, the male police officer 'understood' what was happening and his face turned deathly pale.

Witnessing the superior coercing a suspect, he would be ostracized in the future.

"Ah... Yes yes, sorry Director Hua, I didn't see anything, you continue."

The door was slammed shut with a 'bang'.

Flower Mengyu and Wang Yongsan only regained their senses then.

"You've caused a mess!" Flower Mengyu was furious.

This was the first time she had used such a method to extract confessions, and she forgot to lock the door first. Now that her subordinate had seen it, what if he misunderstood?

Wang Yongsan was even more afraid.

The police officer had clearly seen Flower Mengyu trying to rape him, yet he pretended not to see it. It seemed that in this place, Flower Mengyu could do whatever she wanted.

Was his virginity really going to be taken today?

"Sister, please let me go. If you really want it, can you give me some time to prepare?"

Wang Yongsan wanted to buy time to use his ability and see if there was a chance to escape using it.

Flower Mengyu didn't bother explaining, since there was no point in explaining it to him anyway.


Chapter 84:
Now, the most urgent task is to go and explain the situation to my subordinates, warn them not to spread it outside, so let's give this bastard some time to consider.

She glared fiercely at Wang Yongsan for three times, and threatened: "I'll give you half an hour to consider. If when I come back, you still don't plan to confess, even if I use a jack, I will pry open your legs."

Wang Yongsan nodded fiercely and watched Hua Shengnan leave before he let out a sigh of relief.

He opened the points mall first thing.

Just as he was about to choose to draw abilities, a "ding" suddenly sounded in his mind.

"New task released,"

"Current task: Prison break."

"Task description: Kind people are suffering from imprisonment, while evil people go unpunished. Please reach the center of Hongkou Bridge by 10:13 tonight."

"Task requirements: 1, No violent means of prison break; 2, The time difference between arrival and task requirements must not exceed half a minute."

"Task completion rewards 30 points of death, failure deducts one lifespan (60 years)."








The task time is 10:13, and it's already past nine.

The Criminal Police Brigade is far from Hongkou Bridge, and it takes about 50 minutes by taxi, which means there are only 20 minutes left for me to escape from prison.

Although the Criminal Police Brigade is not as heavily guarded as a prison, there are still many police officers on duty inside. Not to mention, how to open handcuffs is a big problem in itself.

"It seems like I can only try my luck."

Wang Yongsan stared at the draw on the points mall and clicked confirm.

The wheel spun for a minute before stopping.

"Ding, congratulations on drawing the ability of bone shrinking (permanent). Do you want to extract it immediately?"

Wang Yongsan was overjoyed.

The first draw was a permanent ability, and it was the seemingly useful bone shrinking ability.

[Bone Shrinking: By flexibly controlling bones and muscles, manipulate bone displacement to perform actions beyond joint limits within the body's tolerance. Long-term use increases joint flexibility.]

Wang Yongsan tried it out, controlling the muscles of his left hand to shrink the bones of his palm and thumb as much as possible towards the center.

When he pulled it out gently, his entire hand was actually pulled out of the handcuffs.

"Oh my god, it's so awesome?"

At this time, Wang Yongsan's left hand looked thinner than his wrist, resembling a whole pen.

Wang Yongsan tried the other hand as well.

A "clatter" sound, and the handcuffs fell to the ground.

"Hahaha, this bone shrinking is really too cool."

Wang Yongsan tried his body again. Many movements that a normal person couldn't do, he easily accomplished. If he wanted to, he could even bite his own buttocks.

After playing for a while, Wang Yongsan finally put away his excited emotions.

Fifty points of death, only ten were used, what about the remaining forty?

Now that he has removed the handcuffs, to escape further requires another method.

The simplest way to escape is, of course, to continue drawing abilities.

"Continue drawing."

The wheel spun again, stopping after another minute.


Chapter 85:
"Ding Dong, congratulations on obtaining the Invisibility Superpower (One-Day Experience). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

My goodness!!!

Wang Yongsan was almost excited to death.

Today's luck is simply explosive, giving good things one after another.

This is the first superpower Wang Yongsan has drawn. If it's true invisibility, then wouldn't he become a superhero and leave the prison as if playing?

The only downside is that it's just a one-day experience.

"A one-day experience is enough. At least the current task should be completed easily."

With thirty points of credit left, Wang Yongsan thought about it and didn't use it recklessly.

The task of making trouble requires not only escaping from the police team but also going to Hongkou Bridge. Since the location and time are so precise, there must be a big show over there.

Wang Yongsan wants to save the credits and see how to use them later.

[Invisibility (Superpower): Adjust the cytochrome in the body, causing it to condense into a black dot. The remaining parts will be completely transparent. Note: 1. After invisibility, the body still exists and is no different from a solid object. 2. Invisibility requires consuming a large amount of mental power]

(Mental power is related to intelligence. The higher the intelligence, the stronger the mental power; conversely, the weaker it is.)

"Invisibility."

With the new ability, Wang Yongsan naturally wanted to try it out immediately.

His body began to become transparent from his hand, slowly until there was only the size of a mung bean black dot left, all concentrated on his feet. If you don't look carefully, you can't find it at all.

"Wahaha, I'm really invisible now. Unfortunately, this clothes can't be invisible too. Do I have to strip naked to escape?"

Now that Hua Shengnan has been out for more than ten minutes, Wang Yongsan is worried that she will come back at any time. He doesn't have time to consider it and quickly strips off all his clothes.

Hua Shengnan had forcibly taken off his pants before, so it was much easier to take them off now.

The door is locked, and Wang Yongsan can't get out. He can only wait for someone to come back, open the door, and sneak out quietly.

Waiting,

Waiting...

After waiting for ten minutes, Hua Shengnan still hasn't come back.

Wang Yongsan feels a little dizzy.

Invisibility is a superpower, and using it requires consuming a large amount of mental power. Wang Yongsan only has seven points of intelligence and can't use it for too long.

"At this consumption rate, one point of intelligence can last about three minutes. I only have seven points of intelligence and can at most last for twenty-one minutes before fainting."

Wang Yongsan calculated in his heart.

A total of twenty-one minutes, and now half the time has passed. If Hua Shengnan doesn't come back in ten minutes, Wang Yongsan won't only be unable to escape but will also exhaust his mental power.

By then, how could he resist?

"That female police officer with the big explosion is so shameless. She will definitely take advantage of me when the time comes."

"If I'm really treated like that by her, how can I still have the face to see Sha Sha?"

The more Wang Yongsan thinks about it, the more desolate he feels. At this moment, the door of the interrogation room was suddenly opened with a click.

Hua Shengnan walked in from the outside, looking at the empty interrogation room, the clothes, handcuffs, and other items thrown on the ground, and began to doubt her life.

"Where is he?"

"I locked the interrogation room door when I left, how did he escape?"

"The handcuffs weren't opened either. Could it be that he can really become invisible?"


```


Chapter 86:
"I have to say, a fool's way of thinking is indeed different from that of ordinary people. By coming up with such a wild idea, Hua Shengnan managed to guess it right on the nose, eight or nine out of ten.

While Hua Shengnan was examining that pile of clothes, Wang Yongsan had already quietly passed her and left the interrogation room.

Then he ran through the corridor, escaped from the criminal police team, and found a dark and deserted corner where he revealed his figure.

"It's over, what should I do next?"

Before entering the interrogation room, his mobile phone and other items were taken away. Now Wang Yongsan was naked, not to mention he had no money for a taxi, even if there was a free car for him to ride, he wouldn't dare to get on without clothes.

The most urgent task now was to find a piece of clothing to wear.

But where could he get one?

It was late at night, and there wasn't even a pedestrian near the criminal police team. He couldn't rob someone for clothes, and it was impossible to go back to the criminal police team to rob the police.

"It seems I have no choice but to run back."

The rental house was not far from here, but it would take at least twenty minutes to run back.

Wang Yongsan was now a Level 10 physique, much faster than before, but even so it would still take about ten minutes. By then, all the remaining time for invisibility would have been used up.

However, completing the task was the top priority at this moment.

It had taken twelve minutes to escape from the criminal police team, and it would take another ten minutes or so to go back home and change clothes before rushing to Hongkou Bridge, which would be quite tight.

Wang Yongsan dared not delay and started running back as soon as he became invisible.

When his mental power was half consumed, Wang Yongsan just felt a little uncomfortable. As the invisibility time extended, this feeling of discomfort grew stronger and stronger.

Finally he ran back home, dizzy and barely able to stand up.

"Lin Sisi, open the door quickly!"

The key to the rental house was also left in the interrogation room, Wang Yongsan kept knocking on the door and shouting.

At this time, he only felt his head was about to explode, and he didn't care what Lin Sisi would think when she opened the door and saw no one. What he was most afraid of now was that Lin Sisi wouldn't be at home, then this trip would have been in vain.

Fortunately, Lin Sisi was a good girl and would definitely be back home before nine o'clock in the evening.

Wang Yongsan heard the sound of unlocking from inside the door.

His mood relaxed, but he didn't notice that his body, which had been invisible, was slowly regaining its color. It only took less than two seconds for it to fully return to the appearance of a normal person.

And at this moment, the door was just opened.








Lin Sisi left the hospital in the evening, had dinner with Wang Yongsan's three roommates at school, and then returned to the rental house to daydream.

So she didn't know that Wang Yongsan had been taken away by Hua Shengnan.

While Lin Sisi was taking a bath and lying on the bed, she couldn't help but think of what happened during the day.

Wang Yongsan had blocked Wang Hao's confession for her in the cafeteria, stood up to protect herself from humiliation in the movie theater, and finally erupted with great power and defeated the enemy, all because she was there.

Lin Sisi felt that Wang Yongsan must like her, so he could unleash such power at that time.

She was lying on the bed fantasizing whether her first love would be coming soon when suddenly she heard Wang Yongsan's call from outside the door.

"I have to say, a fool's way of thinking is indeed different from that of ordinary people. By coming up with such a wild idea, Hua Shengnan managed to guess it right on the nose, eight or nine out of ten.

While Hua Shengnan was examining that pile of clothes, Wang Yongsan had already quietly passed her and left the interrogation room.

Then he ran through the corridor, escaped from the criminal police team, and found a dark and deserted corner where he revealed his figure.

"It's over, what should I do next?"

Before entering the interrogation room, his mobile phone and other items were taken away. Now Wang Yongsan was naked, not to mention he had no money for a taxi, even if there was a free car for him to ride, he wouldn't dare to get on without clothes.

The most urgent task now was to find a piece of clothing to wear.

But where could he get one?

It was late at night, and there wasn't even a pedestrian near the criminal police team. He couldn't rob someone for clothes, and it was impossible to go back to the criminal police team to rob the police.

"It seems I have no choice but to run back."

The rental house was not far from here, but it would take at least twenty minutes to run back.

Wang Yongsan was now a Level 10 physique, much faster than before, but even so it would still take about ten minutes. By then, all the remaining time for invisibility would have been used up.

However, completing the task was the top priority at this moment.

It had taken twelve minutes to escape from the criminal police team, and it would take another ten minutes or so to go back home and change clothes before rushing to Hongkou Bridge, which would be quite tight.

Wang Yongsan dared not delay and started running back as soon as he became invisible.

When his mental power was half consumed, Wang Yongsan just felt a little uncomfortable. As the invisibility time extended, this feeling of discomfort grew stronger and stronger.

Finally he ran back home, dizzy and barely able to stand up.

"Lin Sisi, open the door quickly!"

The key to the rental house was also left in the interrogation room, Wang Yongsan kept knocking on the door and shouting.

At this time, he only felt his head was about to explode, and he didn't care what Lin Sisi would think when she opened the door and saw no one. What he was most afraid of now was that Lin Sisi wouldn't be at home, then this trip would have been in vain.

Fortunately, Lin Sisi was a good girl and would definitely be back home before nine o'clock in the evening.

Wang Yongsan heard the sound of unlocking from inside the door.

His mood relaxed, but he didn't notice that his body, which had been invisible, was slowly regaining its color. It only took less than two seconds for it to fully return to the appearance of a normal person.

And at this moment


Chapter 87:
"This big bad guy must have come back to explain what happened this afternoon without telling Luo Yusha. Humph, men are all fickle and unfaithful. It seems I need to reconsider whether I should allow him to pursue me further."

Lin Sisi pouted and went to open the door.

As soon as she opened it, she was stunned by what she saw in front of her.

"Wang classmate, you... how could you do this?"

Lin Sisi felt that she had never been so flustered since she was a child.

This Wang Yongsan was too bold; he expressed his love for her in such an explicit way, and this was in the corridor. What if someone suddenly passed by outside?

"You can see me?"

Wang Yongsan's head was about to explode. After asking, he realized what had happened after a long time.

Looking down, he was indeed visible again.

"Ah! I rely on it!"

Wang Yongsan was flustered, and even his dizziness was half cured. He quickly covered himself down there and blushed shyly, "Lin classmate, you misunderstood, anyway... ah, you have to believe I'm not a pervert."

Lin Sisi thought: You are indeed a pervert, a big pervert, who actually bullied me like this.

However, she said with concern: "Why are you still standing outside? Come in quickly."

"Oh, okay, cover your eyes and don't look."

Wang Yongsan quickly entered the house and then slammed the door shut, even locking it as if he were guilty.

Lin Sisi was scared by his last action, wondering what he was locking the door for. Could it be that he wanted to do something directly to me? It's over, it's over. Since he has shown himself so clearly now, he must have prepared for that kind of thing.

Lin Sisi, Lin Sisi, although you have some feelings for him, but even if you haven't determined whether it's love or not, you can't do such a bottomless thing.

"Wang classmate, what are you going to do? We can't do that."

Lin Sisi's heart was about to jump out, and she moved backward little by little.

Wang Yongsan blushed and said, "I'm sorry, Lin classmate."

He felt that facing Lin Sisi like this would make Lin Sisi misunderstand him, so he apologized first.

However, Lin Sisi thought that he was apologizing as a prelude to attacking.

She was startled and quickly took a few steps back, while blocking herself in front and shouting, "No, no, you can't apologize to me."

"But how can I not apologize when I have already done this?" Wang Yongsan was very helpless.

Lin Sisi blushed and said, "You have to find a way yourself. If it doesn't work, go find Luo Yusha. You have been together for so long; you should have done this kind of thing already, right? We just met, and you shouldn't be greedy."

My God, it turns out that what they were talking about was not the same thing at all.

When Wang Yongsan heard this, he realized that the two of them were not talking about the same thing.

He smiled wryly and said, "Lin classmate, I'm not what you think. I have urgent business now. When I come back, I will explain it to you. Anyway, I can only apologize for what happened today."

After saying that, Wang Yongsan rushed towards Lin Sisi.


Chapter 88:
Linda looked at him so impulsively that her brain seemed to slow down. With her eyes closed, she squatted on the ground and curled up into an egg shape, shouting loudly, "Wang, please let me go. Love cannot be forced. Give me some time, and I will gradually come to like you, okay?"

‘Bang.’

A heavy sound of closing the door came from behind her.

Linda waited there for a long time, but she never felt Wang's "attack." She looked up in surprise and found that Wang had already run into the bedroom behind her.

"Hmm? Why did he go back to his room by himself? Shouldn't he be holding me and going in together?"

Linda was really stunned by Wang's naked image. In her mind, she had already determined that Wang wanted to do something bad to her, and she hadn't recovered yet.

While Linda was thinking wildly outside, Wang had already covered his head and opened the points mall inside.

The discomfort caused by mental power consumption cannot be alleviated by external forces. The only way to feel better is to improve mental power, that is, intelligence.

"Buy a point of intelligence." Wang ordered.

"Ding, Intelligence purchase successful. 10 points of 'Death by Stupidity' consumed. Your current intelligence is now 8 points."

A cool sensation surged into his mind, and Wang finally felt better.

"My head is still a little dizzy, but it's much better now. I almost couldn't hold on just now. It seems that after earning points, I should try to allocate some to intelligence as well."

Invisibility is a superpower, and its effects are obviously more incredible than ordinary abilities. However, correspondingly, the release of superpowers requires consuming a large amount of mental power.

When mental power consumption exceeds two-thirds, one starts to feel dizzy. If it is completely consumed, it may cause brain death and turn a person into a vegetable.

Wang still had 20 points of 'Death by Stupidity,' so he dared not use it casually again.

He quickly found a set of clothes to wear and ran out the door. On his way out, he apologized to Linda, who was still confused: "Linda, I'm sorry."

Linda was still squatting on the ground, maintaining her curled-up posture. She watched Wang run out in a hurry and became even more puzzled.

At the same time,

Fifty kilometers away at Hongkou Bridge, a black SUV was parked quietly, waiting.

Two men inside the car were muscular and had neat short hair. On their wrists, they both had the same red skull tattoo with a six-pointed star in its mouth.

"Where is the target?"

"He should be coming soon."

"This old guy actually dared to block the organization's financial path. We couldn't do anything about it when he was in office, but now that he has retired, it's time for us to settle accounts."

"Don't be careless. Although he has retired, his influence still exists. There might be someone protecting him in secret. We should finish quickly and leave immediately after killing him. Don't play your favorite torture game, okay?"

"Hahaha, don't worry, nothing will go wrong."

The man in the passenger seat frowned and was about to remind his partner a few more times when he suddenly noticed a car in front of him.

"It's a Hongqi car; the target is coming."

</>


Chapter 89:







“Master, we're almost at the Hongkou Bridge. Can you drive a little slower?” Wang Yongsan looked at his watch and said.

Earlier, when they hailed a taxi because time was so tight, Wang Yongsan immediately handed the driver a thousand-yuan note and asked him to drive as fast as possible to the Hongkou Bridge.

Unexpectedly, this taxi driver was really skilled at driving. The fifty-minute journey took less than thirty minutes to complete.

Now, there were still more than four minutes left before the task's deadline. Arriving too early at the destination would also be considered a failure.

“Huh? Why slower again? There are no cameras here anyway.”

The taxi driver was already in high spirits and completely ignored Wang Yongsan's request.

Ahead, a car was attempting to merge into the taxi's lane, and another Hongqi vehicle was blocking even further ahead.

However, the taxi driver did not slow down at all. He simply swerved his steering wheel and swiftly passed between the two vehicles.

“Fuck, brother, can you drive slower?” Wang Yongsan was startled.

Although he had a physical strength of ten, and didn't die from a collision at 120 kilometers per hour last time, that was in a Ferrari. This time, he was riding in a taxi.

Even if it didn't kill him, it would still hurt!

The taxi driver laughed heartily: “Little brother, don't worry. I used to be a master at street racing. Now that I'm older, I don't dare to drive so recklessly anymore. Otherwise, we would have arrived at our destination long ago.”

Wang Yongsan was somewhat speechless; this taxi driver talked too much. If you drive slower, won't it be better? Isn't the customer God?

How could they communicate now?

Wang Yongsan sighed and said, “Master, I meant that I get motion sickness. Can you drive slower? Otherwise, take back this thousand yuan.”

The taxi driver quickly slowed down: “Don't, don't, don't. I knew you were feeling unwell when we started. I asked you what was wrong, but you didn't say anything.”

Wang Yongsan thought to himself: I had something on my mind earlier. You kept asking me all sorts of questions, but did you really think I had the time to chat with you about this and that?

The two of them chatted unhappily, but they didn't know that their slowing down had already attracted the attention of two groups of people.

Sitting in the Hongqi vehicle was an old man, and his driver was a thirty-something middle-aged person with short hair.

At this moment, the middle-aged driver was serious as he reported to the old man in the backseat: “Mr. Zhu, there seems to be something wrong with that taxi up ahead. He overtook us just now at high speed, and now he suddenly decelerated in front of us. It seems like it's targeting us.”

The old man hummed and instructed, “Overtake first and see how he reacts.”

The driver agreed and began to accelerate.

On the other side, less than twenty meters behind the Hongqi vehicle, the people in a jeep were also staring at the taxi.

“That taxi earlier seemed abnormal.”

“Haha, maybe he was in a hurry and just happened to arrive before we hit the old man. Those bodyguards wouldn't take a taxi to protect him, right?”

“That might not be the case. If we all think like that, then his plan would have succeeded.”

“It's just driving a bit faster… Huh? Slowed down again and blocked our way. Does he know we're here?”

“Who knows if he discovered us or not. Hold on tight.”


Chapter 90:
The man in the driver's seat finished speaking and then stepped on the accelerator hard.

They were here to kill, one or two it made no difference. They didn't care if the taxi actually had their target inside, anyone who blocked their path could be eliminated on the spot.

Bang!

The off-road vehicle crashed into the back of the taxi, sending it spinning in place before crashing headfirst into the bridge railing.

Wang Yongsan was taken aback by this sudden change of events.

However, the driver next to him was truly impressive; despite such a violent collision, he managed to regain control of the vehicle.

The taxi scraped along the railing for a moment before returning to the road.

"Damn it, you hit my car and still want to run? You must be drunk driving. I'm going to make you pay!" The driver seemed infused with energy and sped up to chase after them.

Wang Yongsan looked at the speed and quickly shouted, "Slow down! Quickly reduce your speed!"

"Reduce my speed? If I slow down any more, they'll get away and who will pay me for the damages?"

"I'll pay! I promise to cover your repair costs, okay?"

"My car is expensive; it was hit so severely that the repairs will cost at least a few hundred thousand."

Wang Yongsan knew he was trying to extort money, but the mission was more important. He had to keep him calm for now.

"Alright, a few hundred thousand it is. I'll give it to you when we get back. Now, please just slow down the car."

"Haha, your word means nothing. Hand over the money first. Otherwise, if I let them get away and you just walk off, where will I go to cry?"

You old fool! In today's society, who carries tens of thousands in cash on them?

Wang Yongsan's new phone and bank card were all at the police station, and he had only brought a thousand in cash from home, which he had already given to the driver. Now that he was asked for more money, he didn't have a single cent left on him.

With no money to offer, the driver refused to slow down, leaving Wang Yongsan at a loss.

The people in the off-road vehicle saw that the taxi had caught up again and became even more certain that it was carrying bodyguards for the man in the red flag car.

After all, if it were a simple hit-and-run case, there would be no need to chase after them personally. All they had to do was remember the license plate number. The taxi's relentless pursuit clearly indicated that it wasn't just about collecting compensation.

They never imagined that the taxi driver was trying to extort money from them by accusing them of drunk driving.

Due to the brief interruption, they had once again widened the distance between them and the red flag car. They couldn't afford to deal with the taxi now, so they sped up again and continued chasing after the red flag car.

"Damn it, you still want to run? Do you think I've been driving a taxi for nothing these past twenty years?"

The driver was also in a foul mood and stepped on the accelerator to its fullest, weaving through traffic with ease.

Wang Yongsan was almost in tears.

He had almost completed the mission, but this foolish driver was causing trouble!

Wang Yongsan observed his surroundings and quietly unbuckled his seatbelt. If things got worse, he planned to jump out of the car and run over there on foot.

Professional drivers were indeed better than amateurs, and the taxi finally caught up with the off-road vehicle again.

"Hahaha, where do you think you're going now?" The driver was thrilled and took advantage of the off-road vehicle changing lanes to ram into it from behind, just like what the off-road vehicle had done earlier.

He hit it very skillfully, not only timing it perfectly to make it their fault for crossing the line but also choosing a clever spot to hit, causing the off-road vehicle to flip over.

The off-road vehicle rolled several times before crashing into the front railing and coming to a stop.


Chapter 91:
"I'm done for, it seems I overdid it. I wonder if the person is dead or not." The driver was a bit worried.

Wang Yongsan finally let out a sigh of relief.

There was still over a hundred meters to go before reaching the destination required by the mission; he almost jumped out of the car.

Open the door.

Get off.

Wang Yongsan cursed at the driver's cabin: "I curse your ancestors!"

Then he walked towards his destination on foot.

However, just when he reached the position of the off-road vehicle in front, suddenly there was a loud sound beside him.

The door of the off-road vehicle was violently torn apart and flew away, breaking in two. Two men dressed entirely in black with grim expressions climbed out from inside.

"Damn it, the old fellow got away."

"I'll go chase after him, you deal with this kid here. Can you handle it?"

"Of course. I'll take care of the person; I guarantee you will get a perfect corpse back."

As soon as he finished speaking, the person who asked the question had already turned into a shadow and dashed forward. His speed seemed even faster than that of a car.








Wang Yongsan focused his energy and used the technique of looking at Qi to peer forward.

The man running ahead had a physical strength represented by twenty-three grids at the top of his head, and his energy was close to thirty.

"No wonder he runs so fast; he actually has over twenty points of physical strength." Wang Yongsan muttered to himself.

One person was chasing ahead, leaving one more behind.

At this moment, the other man was walking towards Wang Yongsan with a sinister smile on his face.

"Kid, stop looking around; your opponent is me. Unless you kill me, there's no way you can complete your mission."

What the hell? How does he know I have a mission?

Wang Yongsan was shocked, thinking that the system had been discovered.

In reality, the mission this person mentioned was not the suicide mission but rather the mission to protect Zhu Anshi, the old man in the red flag car.

He had a stern expression and asked: "Who exactly are you guys? How do you know I have a mission?"

The man burst into laughter: "It doesn't matter who we are. What matters is, how do you want to die?"

Wang Yongsan sneered: "It seems your observation has ended. Since the system is bound and cannot be removed, you might as well kill me directly, right?"

The assassin was puzzled by Wang Yongsan's words; they were talking about completely different things.

He was stunned for a moment before realizing what was happening, becoming furious: "You little bastard, trying to waste time by pretending to be confused. Prepare to die!"

This person was fast, rushing towards Wang Yongsan in an instant.

Wang Yongsan activated the technique of looking at Qi.

He discovered that this person was much weaker than the previous one; he only had sixteen points of physical strength, and his energy was less than twenty.

But even so, he was still much stronger than Wang Yongsan.

Aside from having high physical strength and internal energy, the most important aspect of江湖 people (wulin practitioners) was that they knew martial arts techniques.

The last Iron Palm Hall master, Li Tie's martial art was the Iron Sand Palm; when used, it could crush cement walls like tofu. This person in front of him was also a wulin practitioner; his martial art was knife techniques.

While rushing forward, both of his hands retracted and then extended again; each hand now held a small crescent moon-shaped dagger.

The blade was not long, only about thirty centimeters; it was coated in black and gave off an illusory feeling.

In the blink of an eye, he was right in front of Wang Yongsan.


Chapter 92:
Cat's Eye.

Retreat.

Everything in front of Wang Yongsan was slowed down by a factor of ten, and his body quickly retreated backward.

A slash flashed past, and the fierce blade light cut open Wang Yongsan's clothes, leaving a shallow blood mark on his body.

"What happened? It can actually hurt people with just the wind from the blade."

Just now, Wang Yongsan had already taken a step back, and the tip of the knife was twenty centimeters away from him. However, at such a long distance, the blade wind could still cause damage to him.

If someone who didn't know had retreated a slightly shorter distance, wouldn't they have been chopped to death by the blade wind?

One cannot reason with people in the Jianghu; otherwise, they will surely die without a burial place.

Wang Yongsan broke out in cold sweat. Seeing the second slash coming, he made a preemptive dodge this time.

Swish swish swish swish—

Four slashes in a row, Wang Yongsan had no power to fight back.

The blade wind of the other party was already so sharp, and if he were to be touched by his knife once, the result would be easy to imagine.

"Hahaha, little guy, you're quite good at dodging. It doesn't matter; I have plenty of time, and we can play slowly." The double-knife man said nonchalantly on the surface, but in fact, he was a little annoyed after several failed attacks.

As they say, the shorter the weapon, the more dangerous it is.

He was famous for his fast and strange knife skills. Basically, in duels with people of the same rank, very few could dodge all his attacks just by their movements.

The young man in front of him looked so inexperienced, but his agility was surprisingly high.

Another few slashes came down, and Wang Yongsan barely managed to dodge them all.

—No good; he has time, but I don't have any.

—There is still a distance of over one hundred meters, and only less than two minutes left. I need to hurry up and complete the task.

—But this bastard keeps chasing me; I have to use my ultimate move.

Wang Yongsan suddenly ran towards the bridge railing and started taking off his clothes while running.

"What the hell is he doing?"

The double-knife man was puzzled but continued to chase after him.

With the fierce blade wind coming from behind, Wang Yongsan couldn't concentrate to use Cat's Eye, and three slashes hit his back.

His flesh was cut open, and blood poured down like a waterfall.

"Fuck your grandma's, wait for Laozi!"

Wang Yongsan cursed angrily and jumped off the bridge after taking off his last piece of clothing—his underwear.

"Damn it, he jumped off the bridge to escape!"

Only then did the double-knife man realize why Wang Yongsan had taken off his clothes.

But…

You don't have to take off your underwear even if you do, and if you are worried about the resistance from clothes affecting swimming, there is no need to take off your underwear either!

The double-knife man's mission was the old man in the red flag car, and since Wang Yongsan had fled on his own initiative, he didn't need to chase after him anymore.

Just as he turned around and was about to join forces with the other person, a sudden gust of wind hit him from behind.

Bang~

The double-knife man's body was sent flying and crashed to the ground, unconscious.

Not far from him, the taxi driver had been completely scared silly.

All of this seemed long when described, but in fact, it had all happened within just one minute.


Chapter 93:
No matter if it's someone from the off-road vehicle punching down the car door or running after the front vehicle faster than Bolt, or even someone pulling out a pair of knives wanting to kill, he could accept all that.

But why would a broken car door fly up and start killing people?

"Ahhhh... Ghost! "

The taxi driver finally came to his senses, his face filled with terror as he backed up and drove back, disregarding the fact that it was a one-way bridge.

Wang Yongsan did not cancel his invisibility.

Although there weren't many vehicles on the bridge, just to be safe, he didn't show his figure in front of people.

"Fuck your grandpa, I told you to wait, but you wanted to leave. Now you can't be arrogant anymore. "

The dual-knife man didn't die, and Wang Yongsan planned to wait for the police to deal with him.

With limited time, he maintained his invisible state and quickly ran towards the center of the bridge.

But after not going far, a new problem arose.

The man who was with the dual-knife man was not far from the center of the bridge at this moment.

This terrifying guy with a physique of 23 points was currently fighting against a middle-aged man in his thirties. Their fists and feet clashed, causing the ground to shake violently.

These two individuals were both significantly stronger than the dual-knife man from before.

The middle-aged man used boxing techniques, while the other killer employed leg techniques. A kick from him onto an iron rod as thick as a finger actually twisted the rod directly.

At this moment, the middle-aged man had fallen behind, and blood was spilling from his mouth.

Their battlefield happened to block Wang Yongsan's path.

Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and tried to sneak past them, but when he was about 10 meters away from the two of them, the killer suddenly turned his head and looked in Wang Yongsan's direction.

"Who is it? "

His sharp gaze directly locked onto Wang Yongsan's invisible position, as if he could see through him.








Wang Yongsan dared not move, not even daring to breathe too heavily.

Taking advantage of the killer's momentary distraction, the middle-aged man suddenly rushed forward, launching a punch towards the killer.

"Looking for death! "

The killer didn't even dodge, directly kicking out.

Since legs are longer than fists, although the middle-aged man attacked first, the killer's leg was actually the first to kick him.

Crackling sounds rang out, and the middle-aged man was sent flying while spewing blood.

He flew for more than seven or eight meters before crashing to the ground heavily.

"Fuck, so awesome? "

Wang Yongsan used his divine sight to observe.

The middle-aged man had a physique of 21 points and energy of 25 points, not much different from the killer's strength.

It was clear that their difference lay in martial techniques. The killer's leg techniques were stronger, and taking advantage of the situation, the middle-aged man had already been severely injured. With a few more kicks, he couldn't withstand it anymore. It seemed that the middle-aged man was about to be beaten to death, but then the killer suddenly turned his head again.

This time, he not only looked over but also flipped his hand, shooting out an object.

The speed of this thing was too fast; even though Wang Yongsan had his cat eyes open, he still couldn't fully see its trajectory.

In the blink of an eye, it reached his side and then flew past him alongside Wang Yongsan.

Ding~

[Note: The last part of the text appears to be truncated, so I have translated up until that point. Please provide the complete text for a full translation.]


Chapter 94:
The objects struck the bridge, embedding directly into the solid iron structure.

Wang Yongsan only then realized it was a flying knife.

Confusion filled the assassin's eyes; he had clearly heard movement from that direction.

At his current level, any slight disturbance could be felt. There were several methods in the martial world that could obscure one's presence, making what one saw not necessarily true. He was certain something was there, so he suddenly tested it with a flying knife.

However, the result did not hit anyone.

Could it be that his perception was flawed?

The middle-aged man before him had lost the ability to fight and was no threat. The assassin intended to kill the old man first, but with a threat behind him, he dared not ignore it.

"Whoever you are, show yourself!"

Wang Yongsan would not be foolish enough to roll out.

However, he had already used too much mental energy today. Maintaining invisibility now caused him severe headaches.

More importantly, there were only thirty seconds left until the mission was complete.

[What should I do?]
[The opponent's perception is so keen; if I move carelessly, any sound could be detected.]
[But there's not enough time!]

While Wang Yongsan was at a loss, the assassin was also growing anxious.

At this point, the assassin had noticed his companion's silence and the disappearance of the young man who got off the taxi. Combining this with the perceived danger in his range, he was almost certain that someone skilled in illusions had targeted him.

However, the mission time had exceeded three or four minutes; someone might arrive at any moment behind the old man.

"There's not enough time; I must complete the mission immediately."

The assassin decided to take a risk, finish the task quickly, and then jump into the Hongkou River.

Thirty meters ahead was their agreed-upon jumping point; there were boats waiting for him below.

Those skilled in illusions usually had weak combat abilities; as long as he was cautious, there should be no problem.

The assassin made his decision and turned to move towards Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan felt bitter; he had been injured in the back by the double-knife assassin, and now that his blood dripped onto the ground, it gradually regained its normal color after leaving his body.

Damn it; let's fight!

Since he had been discovered, there was no point in hiding any longer; the opponent would not stop attacking.

In terms of strength, Wang Yongsan was definitely no match for the assassin, but with invisibility, he had a chance to engage in a cat-and-mouse game.

The assassin approached, drawing three more flying knives.

Wang Yongsan anticipated the attack and did a somersault, dodging it while rushing towards the red flag car.

Inside the car, the old man's brows were tightly furrowed; he remained relatively calm.

Suddenly, a young voice sounded outside the car window: "If you don't want to die, keep honking the horn."

The old man found this voice familiar but couldn't recall where he had heard it before.


Chapter 95:
However,  he couldn't think too much about it at the moment.  The middle-aged driver had lost his ability to fight,  and he was now like a fish on the chopping board.  Facing the killer's deadly moves that could come at any time,  he had no choice but to believe the words of the person speaking secretly.

BEEP——

A shrill horn sounded.

The killer had just tracked down Wang Yongsan's whereabouts to this location,  but suddenly the horn startled him,  and his hearing was immediately stimulated.

He couldn't sense Wang Yongsan anymore.

A strange sense of crisis surged into the killer's heart,  and he roared,  “Damn it,  I'll kill you.”

He kicked out,  shattering the glass of the Red Flag car,  and then threw a punch,  intending to kill the old man first.

At that moment,  a dagger he had thrown out earlier suddenly appeared silently behind him,  aiming at his heart,  and then pierced in fiercely.

‘Sizzle.’

A barely audible sound.

The killer's body seemed to be electrocuted,  and he involuntarily trembled.  His fist was halfway out but couldn't be thrown anymore.

A broken heart might not cause excruciating pain,  but all his strength would be instantly taken away.

On the verge of death,  the killer heard a young man's voice behind him.

“There are still twelve seconds left,  enough time.”

Enough time to do what?

The killer was confused,  but he had no chance to find the answer.

Wang Yongsan quickly arrived at his destination,  and the mission completion sound echoed in his mind.

“Ding Dong,  Mission completed.  Reward: 30 points of death-defying credits.”

Wang Yongsan couldn't celebrate yet; he quickly opened the credit mall.

Holding his invisibility for so long,  his head was about to explode.  He didn't dare to divert his attention when the killer was around,  and now that he relaxed,  it felt like dying.

“Purchase one point of intelligence.”

“Ding,  Intelligence purchase successful.  30 death-defying credits consumed.  Your current intelligence is now 9 points.”

A cool sensation washed over his mind,  and the feeling of narrowly escaping death was more satisfying than anything else.

But it wasn't time to be complacent yet.

The killer was dead,  and the old man walked out of the car,  while the middle-aged driver,  Chen Beilei,  also stood up shakily from the ground.

He bowed towards Wang Yongsan's direction and said,  “Thank you,  Mr. Anonymous,  for your timely intervention.  I am Chen Beilei from the Southern Boxing Chen family.  May I have the honor to know your name so that I may repay you in the future?”

The old man asked with some confusion,  “Little Chen,  why can't I see anything?”

Chen Beilei replied,  “Elder Zhu,  Mr. Anonymous must have used an illusion technique,  and it seems to be a rather advanced one.  Typically,  such techniques are the secret arts of sects.  I'm not very familiar with them,  but I can sense that Mr. Anonymous is right there.”

Damn it,  how come everyone can sense where I am?

Does the perception of people over twenty improve dramatically,  becoming super abnormal?








Since they already knew where he was,  and they had even given him the excuse of an illusion technique,  Wang Yongsan couldn't stay hidden any longer.

However,  after such a big commotion,  the cars passing by on the bridge were slowing down to look in this direction.  Since Wang Yongsan had to be naked when invisible,  he wouldn't casually appear in public like this.

He walked to the car and said to the old man and Chen Beilei,  “Let's talk inside.”

[Note: The original text appears to be a 







Chapter 96:
Then, he opened the car door and sat inside, slowly revealing his figure.

The middle-aged man and the elder entered the car one after another.

Seeing Wang Yongsan's appearance, both of them felt quite surprised.

"Erhongjun, what is this?" Chen Beilei asked.

Wang Yongsan awkwardly explained, "That thing, my hidden… that illusion technique, has many conditions for use. One of them is that I can't transmit things; it would expose my form."

"Oh..."

Chen Beilei nodded, seemingly understanding but not quite getting it.

Although he didn't understand what was going on, he felt that it must be very impressive.

The elder asked, "Xiao Chen, can you still drive?"

Chen Beilei replied, "I can drive. It was that guy who broke my skill just now; I've already recovered quite a bit."

The elder nodded, "Then let's drive back first and help our friend retrieve his clothes. Speaking of which, this is the second time you've saved my life, and I haven't asked for your name yet."

Wang Yongsan found it quite coincidental because this elder was the same one he had encountered at the school intersection a few days ago, who suddenly fell ill.

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and awkwardly said, "My name is Wang Yongsan. Actually, today was all a misunderstanding."

The elder seriously said, "Even if it's a misunderstanding, it's still a form of fate. Moreover, you've saved my life twice, which is an undeniable fact. Regardless of the circumstances, I, Zhu Chang'an, will remember this favor of yours."

"Mr. Elder is being too polite."

Wang Yongsan waved his hand.

He was now sitting in a high-end Hongqi car. In China, even those who drive luxury cars worth tens of millions would not dare to offend someone sitting in a Hongqi car worth only a few dozen thousand.

The elder's driver was a martial arts expert, and there were two martial artists who came to assassinate him. That meant the elder's identity was quite intriguing.

Accompanying a king is like accompanying a tiger; some people at higher positions have very strange tempers and can turn on you in an instant.

Wang Yongsan didn't want to get involved with such people, even if they owed him a favor, he had no intention of holding it against them.

Zhu Chang'an was already in his seventies and had been navigating the power circles of Shandong Province for decades. He had seen all kinds of people, and upon seeing Wang Yongsan's expression, he guessed what the young man was thinking.

However, he didn't point it out to avoid any awkwardness and simply laughed, "By the way, young friend, why are you here today?"

Wang Yongsan couldn't say that he was here for a task that would get him killed, but it seemed like he didn't have any other reason.

So he vaguely replied, "It's nothing; I just suddenly felt like going out for a walk. As a result, I coincidentally ran into your situation. As for you, elder, why would you offend these martial artists?"

The elder sighed and said, "Young friend, I won't hide it from you. I used to be in the political arena and retired three months ago; I was once the number one leader of our Shandong Province."

Number one leader?

Wang Yongsan exclaimed, "Are you saying you were the provincial secretary?"

The elder laughed, "I used to be, but I'm not anymore."

Wang Yongsan felt a bit disappointed.

If the elder was indeed the provincial secretary, getting him to help clear his name would be too easy.

However, a former secretary also had their advantages; they wouldn't have to worry about saying the wrong thing and getting into trouble.

Wang Yongsan didn't know that a former provincial secretary still possessed considerable influence. Ignorant of this, he became fearless and his courage grew when facing the elder.


Chapter 97:
Kan Kan said with a straight face, "When it comes to officials, how can they not offend people? Either they offend us common folks or those interest groups. Since the other party sent martial artists to kill you, it's clear that your words have offended some interest groups. This somewhat indicates that you were a good official during your term, and I didn't waste my effort in saving you."

The old man said with satisfaction, "Yes, during my term, I always followed the principle of having a clear conscience and not betraying the people. It's probably because what I did was recognized by heaven that I was saved by you twice."

Knowing the old man's identity, 'not scary at all,' Wang Yongsan started talking freely with him.

The two talked about the old man's experiences during his term and the assassination attempt today.

Chen Beilei helped Wang Yongsan retrieve his clothes, and they continued their conversation.

"By the way, Old Zhu, I have something to ask you."

Wang Yongsan had already started calling the old man by his first name, but Zhu Chang'an didn't mind.

"You can speak freely, young friend."

"Well, you see, I just killed someone, and the other one over there is severely injured. He might have a concussion. If it were you, how would you handle this?" Wang Yongsan hinted indirectly.

Zhu Chang'an laughed and said, "You don't need to worry about this. They are assassins and martial artists. Since they were committing a crime, it's fine to kill them. There won't be any problems."

"But what if they weren't committing a crime or were just accomplices of the martial artists? What would happen if they were crippled?"

When Wang Yongsan asked this, Zhu Chang'an understood what he meant.

He asked back, "Young friend, did you hurt someone?"

"You bet I did."

Wang Yongsan sighed and recounted the incident at Iron Hand Martial Arts School from start to finish.

After listening, the old man nodded and said, "From what you've told me, there isn't any significant fault. Since it was a conflict between martial artists and not self-defense, even if you were found guilty of causing injury or death, the punishment wouldn't be severe. They might even send you back to the martial arts world for them to handle it themselves."

Hearing this, Wang Yongsan became furious.

"I knew it! That female police officer must have a crush on me and is abusing her authority to get close to me!"

The old man was puzzled and asked what happened.

Wang Yongsan angrily said, "Old Zhu, you don't know. A female police officer in our city's criminal investigation team has no morals at all!"

Zhu Chang'an asked curiously, "Oh? What do you mean by no morals?"

Wang Yongsan sneered, "This female officer has a crush on me and wants to use my fight against someone else as an excuse to force me into submission. Even the police chief said it wasn't my fault, but she insisted on continuing to investigate me."

"This... Is the female officer you're talking about named Hua Shengnan?"

Wang Yongsan nodded fiercely, "Yes, it's her. It seems like her reputation has reached you too. Old Zhu, since you just retired and might have acquaintances in the public security system, please help me. Otherwise, I'll be ruined by her!"

Zhu Chang'an wiped the sweat off his forehead and said, "Young friend, I think there might be some misunderstanding here. That Hua Shengnan..."

Before he could finish, Wang Yongsan interrupted him.

"Forget it! Do you think I misunderstood her? Do you know why I was here tonight?"

"Why?"


Chapter 98:
"Because of this woman, she actually wanted to rape me. She handcuffed me in the interrogation room and even took off my pants. If it wasn't for my ability to hide—that is, the illusion technique—I would have escaped secretly. Then I ran into you guys in a panic. If it wasn't for that, both of you would probably be in danger tonight."

Wang Yongsan spoke vividly.

Especially when he mentioned having his pants taken off, the expression on his face, a mix of disgust and fear, made one believe that what he said was true.

However...

Zhu Changan couldn't believe that his granddaughter, who always kept her distance from men, would suddenly change her mind and use force.








"Old Zhu, why don't you tell me if you know any leaders in the public security system? You were the provincial secretary for a few years. They wouldn't refuse to give you any face, right?"

Wang Yongsan kept asking incessantly.

Zhu Changan was his lifeline now. If Zhu Changan couldn't help, Wang Yongsan would have to consider whether he should continue his escape.

Zhu Changan felt very embarrassed now.

Wang Yongsan described the situation so definitively that he didn't dare to tell the other party that Hua Shengnan was his granddaughter.

"Young friend, leave this matter to me. If what you said is true, I guarantee no one will touch you."

"Really, Old Zhu? Then thank you in advance. You're not just boasting, are you?"

"Don't worry. It's a small matter. I won't let you down," Zhu Changan said with a smile on his face. In his heart, however, he thought: Maybe my granddaughter has already seen that this young friend is not an ordinary person and thus changed her mind. But using force?

It seems I need to mediate more in this matter.

"Young friend, my 75th birthday is on the third of next month. I just checked; it's a Sunday. Do you have time to come and join the celebration?"

Without hesitation, Wang Yongsan replied, "If it's on a weekend, there won't be any problem. But you have to help me deal with that female police officer before then. It would be best if she could be transferred to another province."

Zhu Changan awkwardly said, "I can't do that. But don't worry; I'll call the public security side right now and ask them to change someone else in charge of your case."

As the two were talking, two luxury cars suddenly approached and stopped with a screech in front of the Hongqi car.

Several people with strong auras got off the cars and quickly walked up to the Hongqi car.

"Jianghu people!"

Wang Yongsan became tense.

The six newcomers were all Jianghu people. Among them, four were relatively weak, with only 15 to 18 points of physique, but the other two elderly men were experts.

One had 27 points of physique and 30 points of energy.

The other had both physique and energy reaching 30 points.

Zhu Changan waved his hand and said, "Don't worry, they are our own people."

At this time, Chen Beiliang had already gotten off the car and was talking to the newcomers. The content was mostly about the attack just now.

"This time, Blood Skull sent a high-level warrior of the Qi Meridian Realm. His internal strength is also stronger than mine. If it wasn't for this benefactor who helped, my uncle and I would have barely escaped with our lives. Otherwise, what you would see now are our corpses." Chen Beiliang finally showed a look of fear.

"Blood Skull? That's the gang that attacked us before, right?" Wang Yongsan asked nervously.

"Yes, it's them. They are relentless and ruthless. If they can't achieve their goals through negotiation, they will resort to violence without hesitation. They are the most feared gang in Jianghu," Zhu Changan explained.

Wang Yongsan's face turned pale upon hearing this. He had never thought that the woman who wanted to force him into submission would be connected with such a ruthless gang.

"Old Zhu, you have to help me this time. I don't want to die yet!" Wang Yongsan said with a trembling voice.

Zhu Changan patted him on the shoulder and said, "Don't worry. I won't let you down."

At this moment, a young man with an ordinary appearance walked out from behind the crowd. He looked at Wang Yongsan and said, "I'm Ye Xing from the Ye family. I heard that you saved my uncle and cousin just now. Thank you very much."

Wang Yongsan looked at the young man in confusion and asked, "You're Ye Xing? Then who is your uncle?"

Ye Xing replied, "My uncle is Ye Zhen, the leader of our family. He was attacked by Blood Skull just now and is currently in critical condition."

Wang Yongsan was shocked upon hearing this. He didn't expect that the person he saved would be related to such a prominent family in Jianghu.

"I didn't expect that I would be able to help someone from the Ye family. It was nothing, just a small act of kindness," Wang Yongsan said modestly.

Ye Xing smiled and said, "No matter how small it is, you saved my uncle's life. I will remember this favor. If there's anything you need in the future, just let me know. I will definitely repay you."

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Thank you for your kindness. But I don't want anything in return. Just help me deal with that woman, Hua Shengnan, okay?"

Ye Xing frowned upon hearing this name and asked, "Hua Shengnan? You mean the leader of Blood Skull?"

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Yes, that's her. She wanted to force me into submission just now. If it wasn't for Old Zhu here, I would have been in big trouble."

Ye Xing's expression became cold upon hearing this. He said, "Don't worry. I will personally deal with her. No one can protect her this time!"

Wang Yongsan was overjoyed upon hearing Ye Xing's words. He felt that his life might be saved after all.

Zhu Changan also looked at Ye Xing with admiration. He didn't expect that this young man would be so decisive and resolute in dealing with enemies. This was definitely a rare talent among the younger generation of Jianghu warriors.

"Young


Chapter 99:
Two and a half hundred martial arts masters, both of them from the Chen family's Southern Fist.

The elder with the title of Uncle Five, whose physical and energy levels had reached thirty, looked at Wang Yongsan with a slight "eh" sound.

"So young?"

Chen Beilei said, "Although the benefactor is young, he has mastered a sophisticated misdirection technique. He killed those two Blood Skull members almost single-handedly."

The two elders bowed to Wang Yongsan and said solemnly, "Thank you for saving us, young friend. Please tell us your martial arts sect so that the Chen family of Southern Fist can repay you for your kindness."

Wang Yongsan was not comfortable with this martial arts jargon and replied awkwardly, "No need, no need. I said it was just a coincidence that I came across them. There's no need to repay me."

The two elders nodded, and Uncle Five said, "Alright then, since the young friend does not wish to reveal his identity, we will not ask. But if you ever need help from the Chen family of Southern Fist in the future, please do not hesitate to ask."

"I will, I will," Wang Yongsan quickly agreed.

Zhu Chang'an got into one of the luxury cars, and Chen Beilei took Wang Yongsan back to the city.

On the way, Wang Yongsan asked curiously, "Brother Chen, I heard you mention the third level of the meridians earlier. What does that mean?"

Chen Beilei was surprised and said, "The benefactor is so young yet has mastered misdirection to perfection. Such talent is already considered extraordinary. Hasn't your family told you about the five stages of martial arts practice?"

Wang Yongsan replied awkwardly, "Nope, they haven't. Why don't you tell me about it? It won't violate any confidentiality agreement, will it?"

Chen Beilei shook his head and said, "No, that won't happen. The five stages are known to all martial artists in the world, so telling you won't be a problem."

"Then I'm all ears," Wang Yongsan said.

Wang Yongsan stopped smiling and prepared to listen attentively.

Chen Beilei drove while explaining, "The martial arts world is vast and divided into many factions. Among them are the most numerous warriors, with countless sects within this group alone. All martial arts sects have a unified standard for stages of practice, which are Forging the Body, Washing the Marrow, Charging the Meridians, Piercing the Acupoints, and then Innate."

"Forging the Body is self-explanatory; it involves training the body, and there's nothing much to say about it."

"The second stage is Washing the Marrow. At this point, martial artists can cultivate internal energy through breathing exercises, using it to cleanse the marrow and enhance both their physical strength and ability to manipulate energy."

"The term 'energy' is a concept, and no one knows exactly what it is. However, those with internal energy can combine it with martial techniques to achieve incredible effects that can shatter metal and cut through iron."

"As for Charging the Meridians, it involves condensing energy and opening up internal energy channels within the body, allowing internal energy to be freely manipulated throughout one's entire body."

"Piercing the Acupoints involves using energy to pierce through acupoints and release internal energy externally, allowing one to exert force without physical contact."

"As for the highest Innate stage, it only exists in legends. It is said that martial artists at this level can manipulate their own aura, much like a jet plane, allowing them to fly freely in the sky. They can breathe through their pores underwater and live without food, sustaining themselves only by inhaling air."

"In short, reaching that stage makes one a god rather than a human."

Chen Beilei spoke with longing, and Wang Yongsan listened with even more longing.

He asked, "Brother Chen, how many martial artists at the Innate stage are there in our country?"


Chapter 100:
Chen Beilei burst into loud laughter.

“How many? Don’t even mention our country, the whole world has not been able to find a single Innate Master all these years.”

Chen Beilei’s eyes dimmed, and he sighed, “The last recorded Innate Master in our country was during the Qin Dynasty. After that, Emperor Qin Shihuang burned books and buried Confucian scholars. What he actually burned were not the works of Confucius, but the martial arts manuals of the ten major sects. Since then, our country has not produced any Innate martial artists, while other countries have had a few. This is one of the main reasons why our country was bullied during the late Qing Dynasty.”

Wang Yongsan doubted, “Are you pulling my leg, Brother Chen? Even if there were fewer martial artists, could it change the outcome of a war?”

Chen Beilei shook his head and said, “This is not something I made up. It’s a true record in the history of martial arts. The world of martial arts is more rigorous than society. What you see might have been altered by the victors, but what circulates in the martial arts world is absolutely genuine.”

Wang Yongsan still didn’t believe it.

However, they had already arrived in the city by then, and ahead was the Criminal Police Brigade.

Zhu Chang’an had already informed them in advance, and since there was a designated driver to pick him up, Wang Yongsan wanted to come here first and retrieve his belongings.

As soon as he entered the door, he saw Hua Shengnan with a dark face, waiting there.








Seeing Hua Shengnan, Wang Yongsan felt a bit guilty for no reason.

He had escaped from the interrogation room before, which was a criminal act. If this woman insisted on holding it against him, wouldn’t he be like a sheep entering the mouth of a tiger?

Hua Shengnan sneered, “Afraid? Not coming in?”

Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and said, “Who says I’m afraid?”

Hua Shengnan disdained him, “If you haven’t done anything wrong, why are you scared of ghosts knocking on your door? Just look at how timid you are. You must have done a lot of bad things.”

Wang Yongsan didn’t like hearing this.

Although he had beaten up quite a few people and killed some due to the reckless task these past few days, those were all evil-doers. He could at most be considered a divine retribution, so how was that doing bad things?

Moreover, when it came to doing bad things, Wang Yongsan felt indignant.

He sneered, “I’m just an insignificant civilian with low awareness. It’s normal for me to do some bad things occasionally. You, on the other hand, are a law enforcement officer, a captain of the criminal police, and an executive deputy director of public security. You actually exploited your authority during interrogation to… I won’t say it. Just know that you’re not any better than me.”

“You…”

When Hua Shengnan mentioned this matter, she felt extremely frustrated.

She had just wanted to use some torture on him, but now everyone in the team knew that she liked playing abusive games.

Even just now, her grandfather had actually called specifically for this matter, telling her to pursue this bastard properly.

My goodness! How could she possibly like men?

No, it should be: how could she possibly like this scoundrel of a man?

“What are you ‘you’-ing me for? Admit it, weren’t you abusing me at that time?” Wang Yongsan was relentless.

Hua Shengnan’s current demeanor was clearly less aggressive than before, indicating that she had been warned.

Wang Yongsan, now a petty villain who had gotten his way, of course wanted to annoy her as much as possible.

Hua Shengnan clenched her teeth, “I’ll say it again. I absolutely did not abuse you. I just wanted to use torture!”

</div>


Chapter 101:
```
Wang Yongsan insisted, "Forget it, you've already taken off my pants. How can you say there's nothing?"

Hua Shengnan angrily replied, "But you still have one piece of clothing on!"

"Is underwear considered a piece?"

"Why wouldn't underwear count as one?"

"Alright then, since underwear counts as a piece of clothing, you should take off all your clothes and put on some underwear for me to see. Then I'll admit that you didn't try to rape me."

"You… You're just making things up!"

Hua Shengnan placed her hand on her waist, unable to resist drawing her gun.

Wang Yongsan realized that his joke had gone too far.

Since he had already upset her, Wang Yongsan decided to let her off for now. He said nonchalantly, "Fine, fine, fine. If you say it's not, then it's not. Just bring me my things so I can go home and sleep."

Hua Shengnan refused outright, "You won't be leaving the Criminal Investigation Team unless you explain everything today."

Wang Yongsan sighed, "Why are you being like this? I'm not even holding a grudge against you anymore, yet you still want to push your luck?"

Hua Shengnan snorted coldly, "Since you dared to do it, why are you afraid of people talking about it now?"

"What did I do?"

"Rape!"

"I already told you, since you were wearing underwear, it doesn't count as rape."

"Then it counts as attempted rape!"

"Aaaaaahhhhhh…."

Hua Shengnan felt like she was going insane. She grabbed Wang Yongsan by the collar and dragged him inside.

Wang Yongsan was frightened by her violence but dared not openly resist in the Criminal Investigation Team. He could only shout, "Hey! What are you doing? Help! Your female officer is trying to…."

"Shut up!"

Hua Shengnan shouted loudly, silencing Wang Yongsan's remaining words.

With tears in her eyes, she said through gritted teeth, "I'll take you to my office and show you my underwear."

What?

What does that mean?

Bring me to the office to see her underwear?

Is she using this as bait, planning to dismember me the moment we get to the office?

Wang Yongsan was in a daze as he was dragged into Hua Shengnan's office and watched her lock the door from inside.

At that moment, Hua Shengnan's face turned red at an alarming rate, with even her ears and neck turning crimson.

Wang Yongsan swallowed hard: "Uh, I didn't say I wanted to see your underwear, okay?"

"I know. It's me who wants to show it to you."

Hua Shengnan gritted her teeth, "But you have to promise me that after we go downstairs, you'll explain everything clearly to your colleagues. I was just interrogating you; there were no other intentions involved."

Wang Yongsan nodded mechanically.

"Then I'll start taking it off."

Wang Yongsan nodded again.

Hua Shengnan unbuckled her belt and grabbed the waistband of her pants, ordering, "First, close your eyes."

"Huh?"

Wang Yongsan asked, "You said you wanted to show it to me, but how can I see if my eyes are closed?"

Hua Shengnan glared, "I said I'll show it to you, but that doesn't mean you get to keep looking. Isn't one glance enough?"
```


Chapter 102:
```
Wang Yongsan thought of course not enough, you were watching from beginning to end at that time, and even wanted to do it.

However, he had no interest in this violent female police officer at all, just looking at it meant that it was enough, and it was not good to make people too embarrassed. Otherwise, if this female police officer does something excessive again, it will be a loss for himself.

"Okay, I'll close my eyes and call me when you take it off." Wang Yongsan closed his eyes.

The sound of rustling came from the ear.

After a while,

Hua Shengnan's slightly trembling voice sounded: "Okay."

"Can I open my eyes?"

"Mm-hmm."

After getting a positive answer, Wang Yongsan slowly opened his eyes again.

Wow~

This woman Hua Shengnan, her temper is so bad and her brain always lacks a string, but she has to admit that this woman's figure is really good.

Moreover,

Although Wang Yongsan had been with Luo Yusha for so long, he only saw her wearing a swimsuit at most, and it was still a safe swimsuit with skirt edges. Like today, seeing so much is the first time in life.

"Have you seen enough?"

Hua Shengnan was furious. This rascal actually looked at himself so unscrupulously, and even drooled, which was really unforgivable.

Wang Yongsan just realized his mistake and wiped the corner of his mouth calmly, with a righteous face: "It's just an underwear, what's so good about it, cut."

"You..."

Hua Shengnan was so angry that she couldn't help but think, it's just an underwear, you still drool when you see it?

But Wang Yongsan took advantage of this opportunity to add another knife: "Okay, you quickly put on your pants, such a woman like you, even if you tempt me, I won't be moved."

Hua Shengnan was so angry that she lacked oxygen in her brain.

She covered her chest with one hand and breathed heavily, pointing at Wang Yongsan with the other hand, her body swaying.

If it wasn't for her good physical condition and often exercise, she might have been angry to death.

"You, you roll."

Hua Shengnan's voice was weak and obviously suffered a serious internal injury.








Wang Yongsan didn't expect this woman to have such a big temper, even when she was angry like this, he had to leave first for fear of having nowhere to say it.

"I'll wait outside the door, hurry up and put on your clothes."

Open the door,

Close the door.

Wang Yongsan waited outside for about ten minutes before the door behind him was opened again.

At this time, Hua Shengnan looked like she had just recovered from a serious illness.

Her face was pale with an unhealthy look, and she didn't stand as straight as usual. Wang Yongsan couldn't help wondering what she had been doing in the office for those ten minutes?

Could it be that...

She just emptied herself with her hand?

Wang Yongsan lowered his head and looked at Hua Shengnan's hand.

Her slender jade hands were white and clean, her fingers were long, her nails were well trimmed, without nail polish, if she had done something in the room just now, it seems that there is no way to see it.

"You, follow me."

Hua Shengnan had no time to quarrel with Wang Yongsan.

She walked forward, pushed open a room where someone was present, and pulled Wang Yongsan to her side.

"Tell them what happened today."

```
 </>


Chapter 103:
Wang Yongsan knew what to say, cleared his throat, and said solemnly: "Officers, today in the interrogation room, this female officer did not rape me, she just wanted to use torture on me."

The duty officers inside had already suffered enough from Hua Shengnan, and as soon as they saw her coming over, they all became nervous.

Upon hearing this, they quickly nodded their heads: "Yes yes yes, we all know that Hua Team is such an upright person, how could she do something like that?"

Hua Shengnan felt slightly relieved.

Nodding her head, she said to Wang Yongsan: "Let's go, to the next room."

Hua Shengnan led the way, with Wang Yongsan following behind her.

Together with Hua Shengnan, there were a total of eleven duty officers in the Criminal Police Squad tonight, and they all visited them one by one.

"Um, Director Hua, can I leave now?"

"Scram."

"Where's my stuff?"

"It's in the guard room, take it and scram."

Hua Shengnan didn't want to see Wang Yongsan for even one more second.

After leaving the building, Chen Beilei was still waiting outside.

Wang Yongsan ran over and said embarrassingly: "Brother Chen, didn't I tell you to go back first? It's fine if I take a taxi home."

Chen Beilei grinned: "It's so late now, taxis are hard to come by, and I can't rest easy unless I see you leave."

Wang Yongsan got into the car, and the Hongqi sedan turned around to head towards Mingyue Community.

The Criminal Police Squad is not far from Mingyue Community, and it didn't take long to arrive.

After saying goodbye to Chen Beilei, Wang Yongsan went upstairs by himself.

It was already midnight at this point, and Lin Shicci must have fallen asleep long ago. Wang Yongsan carefully opened the door and entered, changed his slippers, and went to eat something first.

There were still three wounds on his back; although the bleeding had stopped long ago, a wound was still a wound, and it would be troublesome if left untreated.

Wang Yongsan chewed on the instant noodles he had stored up, and his wound recovery ability made his wounds heal at a visible speed.

'Crack.'

A very faint sound.

Wang Yongsan now had a physical strength of ten points, and his hearing had improved as well. Moreover, it was midnight now, and the surroundings were quiet, so he immediately heard that it was the sound of the lock in Lin Shicci's bedroom.

A young and beautiful face peeked out first, and upon seeing that it was Wang Yongsan, she finally breathed a sigh of relief.

"You're back."

"I'm sorry, Lin classmate, I disturbed your rest."

Lin Shicci shook her head: "It's fine, I haven't slept yet anyway."

"Oh? It's already twelve o'clock, you sleep very late."

Wang Yongsan was just speaking casually, but Lin Shicci blushed for some reason.

She had always slept at ten o'clock, but today, as soon as she closed her eyes, Wang Yongsan's naked figure appeared in her mind, and no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't fall asleep.

Moreover, it wasn't just that she couldn't sleep; her body also became abnormal, feeling a strange kind of heat spreading throughout. Even washing her body twice didn't help alleviate it.

This must be what love is like, Lin Shicci thought to herself as she quietly walked out of her bedroom and unconsciously came to the dining room. With her hands crossed together, she whispered: "Eating instant noodles dry isn't tasty; let me help you boil some water to cook them."

"No need for the trouble, I can just eat a little bit."

Wang Yongsan wasn't eating for the taste, but to heal himself. Now that he had the ability of a food bucket, everything tasted delicious to him.


Chapter 104:
Linda oh-ed and then said after a moment, "Your clothes are dirty. You can just take them off and put them in the bathroom when you're done."

Wang Yongsan joked, "What do you mean? Are you going to help me wash them?"

Linda's eyes darted away and she said, "No, I was just worried that you might waste water since you probably haven't washed clothes before. Anyway, I need to wash my own tomorrow, so I might as well help you out too."

Wang Yongsan asked curiously, "Is water expensive?"

He really had no idea how much a cubic meter of water cost, nor had he ever paid for it.

But to Linda's ears, the words took on a different meaning.

She had already tried her best to express her feelings, but in return she got such a response. As the school beauty who was loved by everyone, Linda naturally had her own temperament.

"It's not expensive. If you want to wash them, go ahead and do it yourself."

Linda said angrily after speaking, then turned around and went back to her bedroom.

The door was slammed shut with a loud 'bang'.

Wang Yongsan scratched his head, not understanding why he had offended the school beauty again.

However, it was already very late that day, and after eating he still needed to take a bath. After using the invisibility for such a long time, Wang Yongsan's head was already spinning like paste, so he didn't think too much about it.

He washed up and went to bed.

He slept until the alarm clock rang.

Wang Yongsan sat up groggily and felt that his spirit had improved a lot.

"It seems that mental power needs sleep to recover. My current mental state is not at its best, and if I want to reach full value, it will probably take eight hours."

He went to bed late last night and got up at 6:30 in the morning, sleeping for a total of six hours. His mental power had recovered to about eighty percent.

After getting up, Wang Yongsan walked out of the bedroom and Linda just came back from outside.

She was holding fried dough sticks, steamed buns, soy milk, millet porridge, and tea eggs - quite a lot of food.

"Linda, you bought so much, can you finish it all?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Linda teased, "If I can't finish it, you can eat the leftovers."

Wang Yongsan understood Linda's meaning and chuckled, "Why wait for leftovers? Let's just eat together."

Linda pouted and didn't say anything, which was considered as agreement.

She went to the kitchen to get bowls and chopsticks and divided the porridge and soy milk.

Wang Yongsan hadn't washed up yet, but when he went to the bathroom, he found that his clothes from last night were gone. After brushing his teeth and coming out, he looked up at the balcony and sure enough, they had already been washed and hung up.

Including his underwear, which was also hung on the clothesline.

Linda's obvious hints were such that even if Wang Yongsan was as slow-witted as he was, he could still understand.

However, Wang Yongsan never thought that the school beauty would actually like him. He thought that Linda was just repaying him for his previous multiple times of help, and considered him as just an ordinary good friend.








After eating, Wang Yongsan and Linda went to school together.

The classes in the morning were boring, so Wang Yongsan lay on the desk and took a nap. His mental power was still short of full after last night's lack of sleep, and he didn't feel completely refreshed without replenishing it.

After two classes, Wang Yongsan was fully rejuvenated.

He lay on the desk and thought mischievously: I have less than eight hours left of my invisibility experience time, how should I use it?

Go to the women's toilet to peek?


Chapter 105:
It seems a bit too perverted, and there's no place to undress in the teaching building. I can't just throw my clothes into the men's bathroom, right?

Go to the school bathhouse?

It's still morning now, and it's a school day. Usually, no one goes there so early, right?

Moreover, what if I run into a female Tyrannosaurus rex? My eyes might get blinded.

Wang Yongsan is very conflicted. He finally got a chance to use his superpower, and there's still so much time left. He doesn't want to waste it easily.

"Hey, Third Brother."

Someone gently patted Wang Yongsan's back, it was the eldest brother in their dormitory.

"What's up, Big Brother?" Wang Yongsan asked.

The eldest brother said, "Third Brother, I heard someone say just now that today, the school flower from our department has been rejected by three people who confessed their love to her. And all of them are quite famous boys in the school. Why don't you go and take a look?"

Wang Yongsan frowned and said, "Why are so many people suddenly confessing to Shasha?"

Luoyu Sha is the school flower, and it's normal for someone to confess their love to her. Once, when Luoyu Sha and Wang Yongsan were walking on the road together, someone even confessed to her right in front of him.

But three times in one day? There must be something wrong with it.

The eldest brother whispered, "Who knows? But there's a rumor that it was Wang Hao who did something."

"Wang Hao, it's that grandson again."

Wang Yongsan clenched his fist tightly.

Last time, because of Lin Shishu, Wang Hao had already asked someone to deal with him. He didn't expect this time he would turn his attention to Luoyu Sha instead.

Wang Yongsan still doesn't know that the kidnapping of Luoyu Sha by Tie Shou Wushuang was related to Wang Hao's instigation. Otherwise, he wouldn't care if the other party's family was a mayor or whatever; he would definitely make them pay.

"Big Brother, if the teacher takes attendance in the next class, help me sign in."

"No problem, hurry up and go see the school flower from our department."

Wang Yongsan nodded, and ran to find Luoyu Sha.

Luoyu Sha is in another teaching building.

Wang Yongsan ran over, and from a distance he saw a crowd of people blocking the door of a classroom. That was exactly where Luoyu Sha's class was held.

"Shasha, I love you, please be my girlfriend."

Inside the classroom, a handsome guy knelt on one knee, holding a large bouquet of roses in his hand, confessing to Luoyu Sha.

Someone shouted behind him: "Agree with him, agree with him."

The others were watching the excitement without worrying about it. They also followed and shouted to agree with him. Among them were some people who knew that Luoyu Sha had a boyfriend.

Luoyu Sha was helpless and shook her head, saying, "This classmate, I already have a boyfriend. Your love should be given to others instead."

It's not even half the morning yet, and she has been rejected by four people.

Luoyu Sha is not a fool; of course she understands that these people are clowns sent by someone else. Being able to not curse is already very cultured of her.

"Shasha."

The guy was about to speak when he was interrupted by Luoyu Sha.

"Classmate, my name is Luoyu Sha. You can call me classmate from our department or just directly call my name. We are not familiar at all, so don't call me Shasha."

The man was choked for a moment, and his face turned slightly red.

However, he didn't plan to back down. Besides the money and help promised by Wang Hao, Luoyu Sha's beauty and temperament were enough to make him lose face for a while.

"Classmate from our department, it was my abruptness just now, but I really love you. Please give me a chance, okay?"

```


Chapter 106:
Rosy Luo's expression turned cold.

When faced with such a persistent and shameless boy, her good temper had been worn away. She said coldly, "No, I don't like you at all and have no interest in getting to know you. It's time for class now, so I ask you to leave immediately. If you continue to pester me, it will only make everyone uncomfortable."

This boy was a member of the student council and also the main player on the basketball team, making him quite a well-known figure in school.

After being so firmly rejected by Rosy Luo, his face couldn't help but feel a little embarrassed.

He asked angrily, "Rosy classmate, may I ask where do I not compare to Wang Wanang?"

Rosy Luo replied straightforwardly, "You don't compare in any way."

"Haha? That's quite amusing."

The boy sneered, "In terms of appearance, I am not inferior to him, and our heights are similar. However, when it comes to abilities, I am the main player on the school basketball team, a member of the student council, and I also run some small businesses in my spare time. Now, I can earn around seven or eight thousand yuan a month. In every aspect, what does Wang Wanang have that can compare to me? Except for having wealthy parents."

"Rosy classmate, are you not one of those despised money-worshipping women?"

The boy's words were quite incisive.

Although Wang Yongsan had money and was generous with his spending, Rosy Luo had never asked him for expensive items during the three years they were together. Even when Wang Yongsan offered them to her, she would tell him not to give any more.

However, few people knew about these details.

Upon hearing the boy's misleading statements, many around them couldn't help but doubt Rosy Luo's motives for being with Wang Yongsan.

"I never thought Rosy classmate was this kind of person."

"Nowadays, everyone is like that, so what's so strange about it?"

"I always thought they were truly in love, but now I realize that if Wang Wanang didn't have money, even I wouldn't look at him, let alone Rosy."

"Since ancient times, beautiful flowers have been planted in cow dung. How many can see potential and choose a promising partner?"

"I heard Lin schoolmate also chose Wang Wanang for his money. Why are all beautiful women like this?"

As the surrounding students discussed, Rosy Luo found it difficult to defend herself.

The boy who confessed had an evil smile on his face. Since you won't agree to me, I will ruin you. Let everyone know that you are a money-worshipping woman; if I don't succeed, you won't have it easy either.

"Alright then, I misjudged you. It seems Rosy classmate is indeed a money-worshipping woman. I, Shi Dawei, am not worthy of you; today's matter can be considered a joke. Goodbye."

Shi Dawei was indignant and looked down on Rosy with disdain.

Among the crowd, there were people he had asked to help him create a commotion. They kept saying that Rosy didn't deserve him, and many were influenced by this atmosphere, believing it was Rosy's fault and that Shi Dawei gave up on her because he didn't want her.

What a master of love affairs!

There were too many people outside the classroom, and Wang Yongsan could only push his way in after much difficulty.

He had heard everything Shi Dawei said just now, and now that Shi Dawei wanted to leave after showing off, Wang Yongsan couldn't let him get away.

"Stand right there for me!"

Wang Yongsan parted the crowd and stood in front of Shi Dawei: "What did you just say? Say it again for me!"

"Oh, isn't this Wang Wanang?"


Chapter 107:
Shi Dawaye didn't take Wang Yongsan seriously at all and mocked, "What are you doing? Afraid your woman will be taken away, so you come to check up on her? Don't worry, I, Shi Dawaye, wouldn't even look at such a materialistic woman twice."








"Yongsan."

Luo Yusha's face was filled with a strange expression.

The last time someone confessed to her in front of Wang Yongsan, he was too cowardly to do anything but watch from the side. This time someone confessed to her again, and even slandered her, she wondered how Wang Yongsan would react.

The crowd was also eagerly anticipating it.

Under everyone's watchful eyes, Wang Yongsan made a move that immediately caused a collective gasp.

Without saying a word, he slapped Shi Dawaye twice across the face, causing it to swell up instantly.

"Ouch! You, you dare hit me?"

Shi Dawaye was the main player in the school basketball team, and his physique was quite impressive among students. How could he be afraid of a coward like Wang Yongsan?

"F*ck you..."

Halfway through his curse, the other half was slapped back into his mouth.

Wang Yongsan didn't bother to talk with him and just kept slapping left and right, one slap after another on Shi Dawaye's face.

Shi Dawaye wanted to fight back, but the current Wang Yongsan had even killed two martial artists. How could he possibly capsize in such a small pond? Shi Dawaye couldn't even touch him, and his resistance only brought more slaps.

In less than a minute, Shi Dawaye's face was already beaten beyond recognition.

"Yongsan, that's enough! If you keep hitting him, something bad might happen."

Luo Yusha quickly ran up to stop him.

In the crowd, there were some of Shi Dawaye's hired trolls leading the narrative. A few people shouted loudly,

"Why are you hitting people? We're all classmates; is it necessary to do this?"

"Shi classmate didn't say anything wrong. Are you too embarrassed to admit it?"

"With such a temperament, how can he compare with Shi classmate?"

"This guy is like this, and so is the girl; no wonder Shi classmate doesn't fancy her."

This was Luo Yusha's classroom, and there were classmates from her class who spoke up for her. However, they couldn't compete with those paid trolls, who even cursed the classmates who supported Luo Yusha.

Wang Yongsan turned around abruptly, his eyes cold as he scanned the faces of those who spoke. In a deep voice, he said, "I don't care why you are slandering her. I also have no intention of engaging in pointless debates with you. If anyone dares to say a single bad word about Shasha again, I guarantee I will slap her mouth into a pulp."

"Yongsan."

Luo Yusha pulled him and shook her head gently.

Although Wang Yongsan did this, she felt it was satisfying, but she also didn't want to see him being too barbaric.

Wang Yongsan knew that Luo Yusha was kind-hearted; otherwise, she wouldn't have stood in front of him as a girl to resist the protection fee collectors when they didn't even know each other at that time.

But some people really couldn't be reasoned with using words.

Those people were full of twisted logic, and honest people couldn't argue with them at all. Instead, they would be mocked and cursed by them until they were filled with anger.

To deal with such malicious slander and irresponsible speech, a few slaps would suffice.

After all, the Criminal Police Squad had already been there; as long as no one was injured in a fight, it would only result in some education and fines, which Wang Yongsan could afford.

The only thing he couldn't bear was seeing his woman being wronged.


Chapter 108:
As the cold gaze of Wang Yongsan swept over them, the hired helpers employed by Shi Daliang dared not speak. On the ground lay Shi Daliang as an example, and no one dared to test the truth of his words.

They couldn't understand why this man, known as a good-for-nothing, possessed such an intimidating gaze.

"You are Shi Daliang, right? Go back and tell Wang Hao to make things clear. It's best to put away such trivial tricks. If he continues to bother my girlfriend, I guarantee he will live a miserable life. Now, get lost."

Wang Yongsan kicked Shi Daliang on the ground, and this coward quickly scrambled away in fear.

At that moment, the class bell rang, and seeing the excitement had ended, everyone returned to their classrooms.

Wang Yongsan held Luo Yusha's hand and said affectionately, "Shasha, if you have any trouble in the future, don't keep it from me. I promised to be your guardian knight. From now on, I will protect you."

Luo Yusha blushed and replied, "I know, but there's nothing going on now. You should go quickly; we have class starting soon."

Several classmates who had helped Luo Yusha earlier watched the scene unfold. These guys would definitely make fun of him again when they returned.

Wang Yongsan acted stubbornly and said, "I'm not leaving. What if someone comes to confess their love for you again? I need to stay here and guard against them."

Luo Yusha was both amused and exasperated. Fortunately, this class wasn't crucial, so she let Wang Yongsan stay.

University courses were less stringent than those in middle school or high school; sometimes, professors didn't take attendance and couldn't remember all the students in their classes.

Wang Yongsan wasn't studying this major, so listening to the class was like listening to a foreign language. He didn't want to disturb Luo Yusha while she studied, so he could only daydream on his own.

Should I rely on luck to draw a talent or buy a physique?
According to Chen Beili, one must reach the Ximu realm before they can cultivate internal strength.
I currently have 11 points of physique, which should be just enough to meet the conditions for Ximu realm. But why don't I feel any internal strength within me?
Could it be that? When my physique exceeded 10 points, the mysterious presence I felt was actually internal strength?
Previously, Wang Yongsan didn't know what Jianghu people were; he thought they were just small-time gangsters who fought and killed. Now, he understood that the so-called Jianghu people were just like what was written in books—they could fly through the air and walk on water after reaching the innate realm.
Although Chen Beili said that due to the lack of proper cultivation techniques, there were no martial artists at the innate realm in the entire world, Wang Yongsan wasn't worried. He had the System of Doomed Death; as long as he continued completing tasks, there would always be a chance to reach the innate realm through purchasing physique. By then, wouldn't he be able to fly and walk on water?
"Purchase one point of physique."
"Ding! Physique purchase successful. 10 points of Doomed Death Points consumed. Your current physique is now 11 points."
A mysterious sensation, similar to the last time, arose and slowly filled Wang Yongsan's entire body.
Wang Yongsan understood now; it seemed this mysterious sensation was internal strength, or perhaps the fundamental energy that could be converted into internal strength. Once physique reached a breakthrough point, corresponding energy would accumulate within the body, and cultivation allowed these energies to increase further. This explained why every martial artist he had seen had more energy than physique; they had all cultivated their energies separately.


Chapter 109:
"Since the improvement of my constitution also raises my energy levels, there's no need for me to specifically learn breathing techniques."

"But how do I use this energy?"

"The martial arts techniques used by Chen Beilei and the others should allow me to harness my internal energy. It seems I need to find an opportunity to learn a martial art technique."

In the Points Mall, one could only draw for abilities and superpowers; there were no martial arts techniques or the like.

If Wang Yongsan wanted to fully utilize his strength, he could only learn from the real world.

With twenty points remaining, Wang Yongsan closed the Points Mall.

The bell rang for class dismissal.

All morning classes had ended, and Wang Yongsan went to the cafeteria with Luo Yusha.

On the way, Luo Yusha suddenly said, "Can you accompany me out this Saturday?"

Wang Yongsan replied casually, "Sure. Where do you want to go?"

Luo Yusha said, "It's not for going out to play. A senior sister from our graduating class is getting married, and we're both in the student council. We have a good relationship, so she invited me to attend her wedding banquet in Linjiang. You can come with me."








Wang Yongsan responded with an "Oh" as a sign of agreement.

Luo Yusha looked at him and sighed wistfully, "The senior sister is only two years older than me. She's getting married after knowing her boyfriend for just three months. I've been with you for three years, and I haven't even met your family yet. Ah…"

Wang Yongsan recognized the tone and knew what Luo Yusha was thinking.

Previously, Wang Yongsan had suggested meeting his parents before but was rejected by Luo Yusha. She wanted to wait until she became independent before publicly announcing their relationship, so her family wouldn't worry about her studies.

However, now that Lin Shicai had appeared, she felt a sense of crisis.

And there was also that sudden and capricious young lady who appeared and then disappeared—if she was serious, Luo Yusha felt she wouldn't be able to compete with her.

Before, Luo Yusha thought Wang Yongsan was honest and wouldn't run away. Now, she dared not think that way anymore.

"Um, how about going to my house this weekend?" Wang Yongsan tentatively asked.

Luo Yusha was the future wife he had recognized, so it didn't matter if they met early or late. Since Luo Yusha had thoughts about it, why not meet sooner?

Luo Yusha shook her head and said, "I have to attend the wedding on Saturday."

Wang Yongsan suggested, "Then let's go on Sunday. If you agree, I'll inform my parents in advance."

Luo Yusha teasingly said, "Alright, since you're so sincere, I'll go see your family this week."

Wang Yongsan smiled and bowed, "Thank you for your grace."

Luo Yusha gently raised her hand to pretend to support him and said with a smile, "You're dismissed."

After lunch, Wang Yongsan spent some time with Luo Yusha before sending her back to class just before the next class started.

Luo Yusha playfully asked, "Do you need to keep an eye on me in the afternoon?"

Wang Yongsan waved his phone and said, "Just call me immediately if anything happens. I'll be there on demand."

Wang Hao had someone confess to Luo Yusha, probably not only to provoke Wang Yongsan but also to try and lure him into a trap.

Since Luo Yusha had clearly rejected the three attempts in the morning, Wang Hao wouldn't send anyone over again during the last two classes. Therefore, he probably wouldn't send anyone in the afternoon either.

Wang Yongsan was now very interested in the martial world, especially his desire for martial arts techniques.


Chapter 110:
He couldn't wait to find someone to learn a few moves from.

Dialing Chen Beilei's phone number, it rang only twice before someone picked up.

"Hello, is this Brother Chen?"

"It's me, benefactor, what can I do for you?"

"Brother Chen, don't keep calling me benefactor. It makes me feel so awkward. Just call me Xiao Wang, or Yong San will do."

"How can that be? As martial artists, we value brotherhood the most. You saved my life, how can I dare to call you by your name? If my family head finds out about it, I'll be subjected to caning."

I wipe, there's even caning?

It seems that these martial arts rules are even harder to fool around with than the law.

Yong San had a new understanding of the martial arts world and hesitated, "Brother Chen, I actually have something to ask you for help today."

"Please tell me, benefactor."

Yong San cleared his throat and said directly: "Actually, I want to learn a few martial arts techniques from you. I don't know if it's too much trouble?"

"This..."

Chen Beilei hesitated for a moment before saying, "It's not troublesome. Our Chen family boxing also has outer disciples, and what they learn can be taught to others. But benefactor, you have such a high talent, I'm afraid you won't look down on our Chen family boxing outer sect martial arts? As for the core martial arts, it is the foundation of each family or sect. Only the core disciples are allowed to learn them. Even if you manage to steal it, once found out, your martial arts will be abolished."

Martial arts and breathing techniques are the foundation of a family's existence.

In general martial arts circles, people never discuss their own martial arts with others when talking. This is an unwritten rule.

Chen Beilei was willing to let Yong San off because he had saved him before.

"So that's how it is." Yong San felt a little disappointed.

If he wants to learn, he wants to learn the best. His goal is not just outer sect martial arts.

Chen Beilei asked, "Benefactor, could it be that your family didn't teach you any martial arts or techniques?"

It should be known that families that can learn the skill of illusion are usually top-notch families.

Comparatively speaking, Chen family boxing can only be considered a second-rate family, and their martial arts are inferior to others. If Yong San had learned his family's martial arts, he wouldn't have any interest in Chen family boxing.

"This..." Yong San hesitated for a moment before deciding to tell the truth: "To be honest, I actually don't have any family."

"What?" Chen Beilei didn't believe it at all.

There are indeed geniuses in the martial arts world, but it is impossible to learn illusion by self-study.

Yong San's identity was clear, and if someone wanted to investigate, they could even find out when he wet the bed at the age of a few. So if he wanted to bluff his way through, he had to come up with an excuse that would convince people.

"Actually, I learned body forging and illusion from a strange person. But that strange person is always elusive, and I haven't seen him for several months now. Now that I have reached the realm of washing the tendons, and there is internal strength in my body, so I want to learn a martial art technique to try its power."

Yong San found that he had great potential in storytelling.


Chapter 111:
"I see. " Chen Beilei said, "Since that's the case, Mr. Benefactor might as well consider joining a sect. With your talent, even the top-tier sects would be scrambling to take you in. Then you'll naturally learn the best martial arts techniques, like my Chen family's external boxing technique. I'm embarrassed to show off in front of you. "

Wang Yongsan asked, "Are there any restrictions on joining a sect?"

Chen Beilei said, "Of course there are. The martial world has its own rules, martial artists have their own rules, and each sect has its own rules."

Wang Yongsan muttered, "There are quite a few rules then."

Chen Beilei laughed loudly, "Of course there are. Without rules, nothing can be accomplished. Especially for us who possess greater strength than ordinary people. If there's not enough restraint, it can easily lead to social unrest. But as long as you stay honest within the sect and don't get involved with society, there will be fewer rules targeting you internally. As for me and other core disciples who want to mix in society, besides various troublesome procedures, we also have to report our daily behavior status to the sect and martial world authorities frequently. Isn't that annoying?"

As Chen Beilei spoke, he sighed repeatedly.

Wang Yongsan's idea of joining a sect was immediately dispelled after hearing this.

Not to mention anything else, Wang Yongsan had parents, a girlfriend, and classmates. He didn't want to end up unable to see them often just because he entered the martial world.

Even if he only planned to hide and develop within a sect for a year or two before quitting like Chen Tianlong or Li Tie, Wang Yongsan couldn't accept it.

"Thank you, Brother Chen. I won't do this. I don't want to give up my current life."

After saying that, Wang Yongsan prepared to hang up the phone.

Chen Beilei shouted from the other end, "Wait a moment, Mr. Benefactor!"

Wang Yongsan put the phone back to his ear and asked, "Is there anything else?"

Chen Beilei said, "Mr. Benefactor, if you want to learn advanced martial arts techniques but don't want to leave society, I have another method..."








When Wang Yongsan heard there was another way, his eyes immediately brightened.

"What method?"

"Join the country."

Chen Beilei said, "Our country has a specialized martial world regulatory department within it. It also has inner and outer doors. To say the largest martial force in the country, it's none other than the state itself."

Wang Yongsan asked, "The martial world regulatory department within the country should have stricter rules, right?"

Chen Beilei laughed, "In terms of rules, the state department definitely has more, but they are the top. If they make a mistake, no one dares to manage them."

"Moreover, outer door disciples of the martial world regulatory department can learn advanced martial arts techniques. The downside is that outer door disciples have obligations but no compensation. The only reward is being able to practice martial arts freely, which isn't bad either. If I weren't born in the Chen family, I would have joined the martial world regulatory department. By the way, do you know about that Chen Tianlong in Linjiang?" Chen Beilei suddenly asked.

Wang Yongsan said, "I know. He's from the martial world regulatory department?"

```


Chapter 112:
Chen Beilei said, "That's right. He used to work for the martial arts regulatory department. Later, he retired early due to injury on duty. According to national regulations, retired regulatory personnel are not allowed to have their martial arts skills taken away, even if they do not receive a pension. People like him are truly free."

Wang Yongsan was calculating in his mind.

Can you retire early due to injury on duty?

The last time I saw Chen Tianlong, I didn't find anything wrong with him. It seems that the injury was not serious enough.

Wang Yongsan has a bucket ability, and his metabolism energy healing ability is super abnormal. If I can join the martial arts regulatory department, learn advanced martial arts skills after joining, get injured seriously once during work, and then use the bucket ability to heal myself, wouldn't that be...

Hehehe, it's perfect.

"Brother Chen, where is the martial arts regulatory department? Can anyone apply?"

"Of course not."

Chen Beilei said, "It's very difficult to enter the martial arts regulatory department. But you can find Zhu Lao. Although he has retired now, it shouldn't be a problem for him to nominate you. As for the subsequent employment assessment, it should be easy for you."

The last time we parted, Wang Yongsan exchanged contact information with Zhu Changan.

After hanging up Chen Beilei's phone call, Wang Yongsan contacted Zhu Changan first.

Old Zhu quickly gave a positive answer, telling him to inform him when he went to Linjiang, and then directly participate in the assessment.

It's only Thursday today, and there are still two days before going to Linjiang. Wang Yongsan is eager and restless.

In the blink of an eye, it was the weekend.

Saturday,

Morning.

Wang Yongsan hadn't woken up yet when he was awakened by a phone call.

He fumbled to answer the call: "Hello."

"Yongsan, are you up?" Luo Yusha's voice came from the phone.

Wang Yongsan rubbed his eyes and asked, "Not yet. What's up?"

Luo Yusha chided with a smile, "Isn't it the day to attend our senior sister's wedding today? Have you forgotten about it?"

Wang Yongsan said, "Oh, you're talking about this. It's not that the wedding is at noon? What time is it now?"

Luo Yusha speechlessly said, "Idiot, we are going to attend the wedding, not just the banquet. We should arrive early."

"Alright, I'll get up now. See you at the school gate later."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan quickly got dressed and washed up.

Ten minutes later, he was ready and took a taxi to school.

At the school gate, Luo Yusha was already waiting there.

Longtai is about 150 kilometers away from Linjiang, and it costs almost 300 yuan for a round trip including highway fees. However, this amount of money is nothing to Wang Yongsan.

The two first went to the senior sister's house.

The senior sister's surname is Liu, and she is a beauty. Although she is not as beautiful as Luo Yusha, she is almost the same. Especially today, wearing a wedding dress makes her look particularly beautiful.

Luo Yusha looked at the bride and said with envy, "She's so beautiful."

Wang Yongsan whispered in her ear, "Why don't you choose a day? We can take wedding photos together some other day."

Luo Yusha blushed and spat at him, "How old are you? Don't be afraid of people laughing."

Wang Yongsan laughed and said, "It's not like registering for marriage. What are you afraid of if it's early?"

```


Chapter 113:
"That won't do either. What if you fall in love with someone else in the future? What should I do when your heart changes?" Luo Yusha's expression was somewhat grievous.

Although she believed in Wang Yongsan's feelings for her, Lin Shicci was the school flower. With such a man competing with herself, Luo Yusha felt tremendous pressure.

Wang Yongsan said solemnly, "Shasha, my feelings for you will never change. You must believe me."

Luo Yusha pouted and said, "I trust you, but you must also make a promise. Besides me, you are not allowed to fall in love with anyone else."

"Okay, I promise. I will only love Luo Yusha in my entire life. Is that okay now?" Wang Yongsan made a promise helplessly.

Only then did Luo Yusha become happy again.

After the wedding at the bride's family, they went to the groom's house together.

Wang Yongsan found that this groom was burly and at least thirty years old, but his family should be quite wealthy. The car that came to pick up the bride was a Bentley, followed by a row of BMWs.

When they arrived at the destination, there was another round of rituals.

The host on stage spoke eloquently, and the people below were also cheering. The atmosphere was very lively.

However, Wang Yongsan always felt uncomfortable.

Wang Yongsan thought it was because he didn't like chaotic environments, but Luo Yusha's words revealed the reason.

"Yongsan, it seems that your sister-in-law's husband is a gangster. Look at his friends, they all have many tattoos on their necks." Luo Yusha whispered.

Wang Yongsan took a look and realized that was indeed the case.

The reason why he felt uncomfortable was because these people had low quality. Although it seemed lively, they were actually saying all sorts of vulgar and dirty words, even making fun of the bride's body parts. As a civilized person like Wang Yongsan, he naturally felt uncomfortable.

"Ding, new task released."

Just as Wang Yongsan was filled with disgust and wanted to pull Luo Yusha outside, the voice of the S*ck-D*ke System suddenly sounded in his mind.

"Current task: Breaking the Superstition (First link of a chain quest)"

"Task description: Superstitions are not the cloak for evil. Some evil superstitions should be eradicated. Please host to reach the second bedroom within three minutes to prevent a disgusting event of harassing bridesmaids."

"Task requirements: Protect the bridesmaid from any form of harm."

"Task completion rewards 30 S*ck-D*ke Points, task failure will cancel subsequent tasks and deduct all lifespan."

Damn it, it's still deducting all lifespan.

This forced Wang Yongsan to complete the task at all costs.

The task required reaching the second bedroom within three minutes, and after reading the task description, more than a minute had passed. Wang Yongsan couldn't think of anything else and let go of Luo Yusha's hand, running towards the second bedroom.

The first second bedroom was empty.

The second one was also empty.

The third…

The fourth…

Wang Yongsan ran all the way to the innermost room on the second floor. Before even opening the door, he heard a group of men's loud laughter and an innocent girl's plea for mercy coming from inside.









Chapter 114:
In the guest bedroom, an eighteen or nineteen-year-old girl dressed as a bridesmaid was thrown onto the bed, surrounded by a group of men with tattoos.

There were at least twelve or thirteen of them, and each one looked at the girl with undisguised lust in their eyes.

"Little sister, since you came as a bridesmaid, I'm sure you must have heard about our local customs here?"

A man with red hair sat down on the bed, picked up the girl's chin with one hand, and asked with a smile.

The girl was terrified, curled up in a ball, trying to appear calm as she replied: "Brother, I really haven't heard about it. My senior sister is the bride; she only said to follow her, and didn't mention anything else."

The red-haired man laughed loudly: "It doesn't matter if you didn't hear about it. The brothers will tell you all about it."

After saying that, he grabbed the girl's arm and twisted it behind her back. He shouted at the others: "What are you waiting for? Strip her naked!"

The men in front immediately became excited, howling and rushing forward.

Some grabbed her arms, some grabbed her legs, while others reached for her clothes without any consideration for tearing them apart. They frantically pulled down her clothes.

With more than a dozen men, even if only a few in front could get involved, there were still six or seven people pulling with all their might. The girl was too weak to resist at all.

"Please, don't do this! Please, I beg you! Wuuu..."

The girl struggled desperately, but all she got in return was the more arrogant laughter from the surrounding men.

Tears flowed down her face as she realized that being a bridesmaid would lead to such an ordeal.

As her clothes were torn apart, the girl had the thought of biting her tongue to commit suicide.

Her teeth were already biting into her tongue, ready to bite down hard when suddenly there was a loud boom. The entire guest bedroom door was smashed open by a powerful force.

The wooden door hit two men and knocked them to the ground.

Wang Yongsan's figure appeared at the door, shouting loudly with all his strength: "Everyone stop!"

"Hey, who are you? Daring to ruin our good time, looking for death, huh?"

The red-haired man was the leader of the group and stepped forward immediately.

The task required rescuing the bridesmaid without causing harm to anyone.

After all, today was someone's wedding day. Wang Yongsan looked at the pitiful bridesmaid and spoke in a calm voice: "I don't want to cause any trouble. All of you get out, or I won't be polite!"

"Oh, so you're going to be impolite?"

The red-haired man grinned, and the surrounding men surrounded Wang Yongsan with unfriendly expressions.

The red-haired man looked down at Wang Yongsan with his nose in the air: "You better show us how you're going to be impolite!"

"I'm telling you again, get out of the way. Today is your friend's wedding day; don't make things difficult for everyone!"

Wang Yongsan had already tried his best to control himself, but it seemed that the red-haired man and others had no intention of backing down easily.

Seeing that Wang Yongsan only talked but didn't act, the red-haired man and his group became even more arrogant.

"Boy, go back home to drink milk quickly; this isn't a place for you!"


Chapter 115:
"Brothers, we're in a good mood today. Otherwise, with what you just said, at least five of your legs would be broken."

"Don't you dare stand there? Do you want a share of the pie too?"

The group cursed and grumbled.

The red-haired man took matters into his own hands, grabbing Wang Yongsan by the collar and bringing his face close to him, threatening, "Kid, just stay out of it. Otherwise, you won't even know how you die."

The bridesmaid cried uncontrollably.

She was a student at Longtai University, knew Wang Yongsan, but in her memory, he was still the same wimp.

However, she had nowhere else to turn; Wang Yongsan was her last hope, so she could only call out for help.

"Junior brother, save me!"

Wang Yongsan looked at her and nodded gently, "Don't worry. As long as I'm here, no one can hurt you."

The red-haired man and his friends laughed uncontrollably.

"As long as you're here? What are you, a decoration?"

The red-haired man glared and clenched his fist, ready to strike Wang Yongsan's face.

At that moment, Luo Yusha finally caught up.

She had heard someone shouting earlier but couldn't make it out due to the loud wedding music. When she arrived, she saw a group of people surrounding Wang Yongsan, with the red-haired man about to hit him.

Luo Yusha was not a pushover; although she couldn't fight, she had courage.

Seeing her boyfriend about to be beaten, Luo Yusha shouted loudly, "What are you doing?"

Then she took a step forward and pulled Wang Yongsan behind her.

Just like when they first met, Luo Yusha pulled him behind her and faced those extortionists.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but feel a bit dazed, and warmth rose in his heart.

"Shasha."

Before Wang Yongsan could say anything, Luo Yusha interrupted him.

"Don't worry, I'll handle this."

Although she said that, Luo Yusha was actually very scared.

These people were all heavily tattooed and much more formidable than the school's delinquents. If they really got violent…

Luo Yusha was thinking about the possible consequences when the red-haired man and his friends reacted.

The red-haired man licked his lips, "Wow, this chick is hot."

The others also started to get excited.

Luo Yusha was the department's beauty, much prettier than the bridesmaid. Even with her in a wedding dress, she couldn't claim to be more beautiful than Luo Yusha.

The red-haired man and his friends immediately had impure thoughts about her.

"What do you think you're doing? I warn you, my uncle is the police chief Lu Han Sheng. If you dare touch us, I guarantee you'll end up in jail!"

This was Luo Yusha's usual tactic to intimidate people.

But she forgot that this was Linjiang, not Longtai.

The red-haired gangsters knew the leaders in the police department, at least by sight, and they could tell she was bluffing.

The group laughed mockingly, "Not even a touch? Then how about we touch you many times instead?"

The red-haired man was even more direct, reaching out to pull Luo Yusha into the crowd.

If he hadn't made a move, Wang Yongsan might have let him off considering it was someone's wedding day.

But these people actually had the guts to lay their eyes on Luo Yusha; that was asking for death.


Chapter 116:
Luo Yusha saw that she hadn't intimidated anyone, and was thinking about what to do next when she suddenly saw Hongmao reaching out his hand. As she was about to dodge, a big hand suddenly stretched out from behind her and grabbed Hongmao's wrist.

"Heaven made a mistake that can still be lived with, but self-made mistakes cannot be undone. I didn't want to deal with you guys, but you are asking for death yourselves."

Wang Yongsan spoke while exerting force on his hand.

He now has a physical strength of twelve points, and even without using any martial techniques, his pure bodily strength is several times greater than that of an average person.

A crisp sound rang out as Hongmao's wrist was crushed like a potato chip under Wang Yongsan's grip, turning into powder.








"Aaaaaahhhhhh..."

A shrill scream echoed throughout the room, and even those attending the wedding downstairs could hear it clearly.

The excruciating pain from having his wrist crushed made Hongmao uncontrollably tremble all over.

The others in the room were stunned by Wang Yongsan's methods, but since they were all from the underworld, they were both arrogant and daring.

Seeing Hongmao being crippled, the others only hesitated for a moment before shouting and charging towards Wang Yongsan.

"Little bastard, daring to lay hands on Hong Ge (Big Brother Hong), brothers, let's teach him a lesson."

"Fuck, kill him."

A dozen men rushed forward in a swarm, their momentum seemed quite intimidating, but their combat effectiveness was pitifully weak.

These were all ordinary people with the highest physical strength being seven points.

Luo Yusha didn't know about Wang Yongsan's strength; during the Iron Hand Martial Arts Club incident, she only saw Wang Yongsan covered in blood at the end. Faced with these 'tough guys,' she felt a bit scared.

At this moment, a hand reached from behind her waist, and Wang Yongsan's calm voice sounded in her ear: "You step back first, I'll handle them."

Then the arm around her waist tightened, lifting Luo Yusha off the ground and placing her behind him.

Wang Yongsan stood in front, facing the dozen people as they approached.

"Go to hell."

"Kill him."

As soon as they met, several fists and feet came flying towards Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan didn't even bother to dodge, directly meeting them with his fists and feet.

Fist against fist.

Leg against leg.

Crack!

Crack! Crack!

Dense sounds of bones breaking rang out, and the people who threw punches had their fists flattened as their finger bones were all shattered.

Those who kicked, had their legs broken into three sections and collapsed to the ground.

In the blink of an eye, all dozen people were crippled, and a chorus of 'Ouch' echoed in the room.

Luo Yusha was amazed by Wang Yongsan's might, her mouth forming an 'O' shape.

The bridesmaid on the opposite bed only came to her senses after a while, realizing she was saved and quickly jumped off the bed, running towards Wang Yongsan.

"Thank you, thank you, junior brother (younger brother)."

The girl bowed repeatedly, her eyes filled with tears of excitement.

Luo Yusha hadn't noticed this girl before, but upon closer inspection, she realized it was her classmate.

Seeing that most of her clothes were torn apart, Luo Yusha finally understood what had happened earlier.

"Lin Senior Sister (Elder Sister Lin), these people were bullying you just now?"

</div>


Chapter 117:
The bridesmaid cried, "They said they were going to make trouble for the bridesmaids. Liu Senior Sister didn't tell me beforehand that it would be like this. If I had known, I wouldn't have come at all."

Luo Yusha was furious: "What a group of beasts! The customs here in Lingjiang are so terrible."

Wang Yongsan said, "It's not necessarily the customs here in Lingjiang. It could be that there is a problem with the host's friends. They are all covered in tattoos and don't look like good people."

The bridesmaid nodded as well.

Although Lingjiang is far from Longtai, they are both in the same province and big cities. It's unlikely that there would be such disgusting customs here.

Luo Yusha looked at the group of people writhing on the ground and worried, "Yongsan, you seem to have hit them quite hard. Won't we get into trouble?"

Hitting someone to the point of breaking bones is already considered a minor injury.

Wang Yongsan shook his head. When the red-haired man wanted to move Luo Yusha, he didn't even consider whether it would cause trouble. If he could resist the urge to kill these people, it was already a testament to his self-control.

At this moment, someone came up from the first floor.

The screams had already attracted attention downstairs, and the groom led a group of people up to check on the situation.

At the same time,

A task prompt sounded in Wang Yongsan's mind again.

"Ding, the first phase of the task has been exceeded, and 40 points of death credits are rewarded."

"Generating the second phase of the task."

Wang Yongsan was stunned. He didn't expect that he would be judged by the system to have exceeded the task this time.

Could it be because he crippled all these people?

The prompt sound didn't stop and continued:

"Current task: Destroy the marriage (second phase of the chain task)."

"Task description: As the saying goes, it's better to dismantle ten temples than to destroy a marriage. But some marriages are doomed not to be blessed. Please take advantage of the situation and create chaos at today's wedding, causing the bride to call off the engagement."

"Task requirements: None."

"Completion of the task will be rewarded with 30 points of death credits. Failure to complete the task will result in cancellation of subsequent tasks and deduction of all lifespan."

Your sister, deducting all life span again.

This task always makes you feel anxious.

But fortunately, this task has no requirements. If it doesn't work out, he can just take the bride away, and the task should be considered completed.

While Wang Yongsan was checking the task, the groom had already led people over.

"What's going on? What are you making a fuss about here? Don't you know I'm getting married today?"

The groom was burly and fierce, with a murderous look in his eyes. Even though he was wearing a suit, it couldn't hide his image as a butcher.

Wang Yongsan ignored him.

The bridesmaid was so scared that she kept shrinking behind Wang Yongsan.

Only Luo Yusha stepped forward and spoke politely but firmly, "It's not that we want to make trouble. It's your friends who secretly harassed my classmate here. If it wasn't for my boyfriend arriving, she would have been bullied by now."

"Bullied a fart!"

The groom was irritable and shouted, "Being a bridesmaid is just asking to be f*cked. Which one of my buddies isn't good enough for her? You pretend like you give a damn!"

He swore profusely and didn't put the guests in his eyes at all.

The bride followed behind him, looking embarrassed, and could only use her eyes to apologize to Luo Yusha and the bridesmaid.

In the bedroom, the red-haired man and others were still writhing in pain.


Chapter 118:
The groom took a second glance at Luo Yusha, looked over the three men, and glanced into the next room, exclaiming loudly.

"What the hell! How did you end up like this? Who was it that did this to you?"

"Brother Tiger, you have to stand up for us! It was that bastard outside who did it."

The groom regained his senses and stared at Wang Yongsan from top to bottom.

"Were my brothers beaten up by you?"

Since the task was to have Wang Yongsan disrupt the wedding, he didn't bother with polite words.

Imitating the arrogant manner of the red-haired man just now, he tilted his head back and looked down at the groom with his nostrils: "I did it, so what? Do you want to try too?"

The groom sneered: "Little brother, you're quite something."

Wang Yongsan replied with a nonchalant smile: "I've always been impressive."

The groom spoke in a strange tone: "But sometimes, what you think is impressive, to others might just be showing off. A difference of one word could potentially cost you your life."

The groom's expression turned gloomy, his eyes narrowed slightly, and his fists slowly clenched.

Clearly able to take down a dozen robust young men by himself, he was undoubtedly skilled in martial arts.

However, the groom was also half a martial artist himself, having just broken through to the Xisu (Washing Marrow) realm last month after pulling some strings for his employment assessment.

Given how young the youth in front of him was, based on the groom's understanding of martial arts cultivation speed, he estimated that Wang Yongsan was probably only at the Jian Ti (Forge Body) stage, ninth or tenth layer. Without internal energy cultivated within his body, the groom believed he should be able to secure a victory with ease.

However, true martial artists always have backing.

Unless necessary, the groom didn't want to have a life-and-death confrontation with Wang Yongsan.








"Kid, we're all in the same line of work. But you're too young and impulsive without any real strength, which won't do you any good." Li Biaozi hesitated before deciding not to immediately engage in a fight.

Wang Yongsan smirked and provoked: "How do you know I don't have any strength? Why don't we try it out?"

Li Biaozi widened his eyes: "Do you think I'm afraid of you? Today is my wedding day, so I'll let you off for now. Some other time, at Feihu Entertainment, apologize to my brothers, and we can still be friends."

In Li Biaozi's eyes, this was already giving Wang Yongsan a way out.

Unfortunately, Wang Yongsan had a mission to fulfill.

Moreover, in Wang Yongsan's view, asking him to apologize to these people who wanted to bully Luo Yusha was nothing short of a fantasy, an absolutely impossible task.

"Being friends is out of the question; you guys aren't worthy."

Wang Yongsan shook his head and smirked, his arrogant expression leaving Li Biaozi unable to gauge his strength.

However…

One's pride is not easily surrendered.

Besides being loyal and righteous, martial artists also place great importance on face.

Li Biaozi, although not yet officially holding a martial artist's "ID card," had long considered himself a martial artist, including his subordinates who valued their pride greatly.

Being repeatedly provoked by Wang Yongsan, Li Biaozi finally couldn't hold back his temper.

"Kid, you brought this upon yourself. It seems today I'll have to teach you a lesson on behalf of your elders."

Li Biaozi's real name was Li Erbiao, but he thought the name sounded bad, so he changed it to Li Feihu (Flying Tiger).

He threw a punch with considerable force.

</div>


Chapter 119:
```
Wang Yongsan had already used his technique of observing qi to determine Li Biao's cultivation level: ten points in physical strength, seven points in energy. He should have just entered the realm of Ximu (Washing the Marrow), and the internal strength generated within his body had not yet fully transformed.

Wang Yongsan's physical strength was slightly higher than his opponent's, but Li Biao knew martial arts. In terms of hard power, the two were evenly matched.

However, Wang Yongsan still had the three-day trial of the Cat's Eye. He decided to use it now, and Li Biao's movements immediately slowed down.

*Bang.*

After exchanging one move, it was Li Biao who took a few steps back first.

He covered his side with both hands, sweating profusely and couldn't believe it: "It's impossible. You clearly don't even have internal strength, so why is your punching speed so fast?"

Wang Yongsan wasn't without internal strength; he just didn't know martial arts and couldn't convert his energy into internal strength for use.

"Against a weakling like you, do I need internal strength?" Wang Yongsan sneered.

Li Biao refused to accept defeat.

He started body forging at the age of twelve and was now thirty-two years old. It took him twenty years to reach the realm of Ximu (Washing the Marrow). There was no reason for him to lose to a seemingly less than twenty-year-old young man.

"Let's go again!"

Li Biao roared loudly, ignoring the pain in his waist, and attacked Wang Yongsan with even greater force.

This time he used his full strength, and the momentum of his punches was clearly different from before.

In the midst of the fierce wind, Wang Yongsan's figure swayed slightly, and then a fist as big as a sandbag quickly approached his face.

*Puff.*

The sound of hitting a pig's head echoed through the air.

Skulls are quite sturdy, and coupled with Li Biao being a martial artist with strong physique, this punch didn't cause his brain to burst but was enough to make him dizzy and disoriented.

Wang Yongsan didn't let up; he quickly rushed forward, delivering a series of punches and kicks to Li Biao's body.

In the blink of an eye, Li Biao had been beaten into a pig's head.

"Yongsan, don't hit him anymore!" Luo Yusha quickly rushed over to pull Wang Yongsan away.

Today was the day of someone's wedding, and her boyfriend had beaten up the groom into a pig's head. What was this supposed to mean?

The surrounding guests were also stunned.

When Li Biao's parents saw that things weren't going well, they cried out and rushed forward, intending to kick Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan dodged a few times and became somewhat annoyed. He thought that if such parents could raise someone like Li Biao, they probably weren't good people either. He kicked them both to the ground with one foot each, but intentionally held back his strength, not using too much force for fear of kicking them to death.

"Ah ah ah, I don't want to live anymore! Old man, what are you doing? Call the boss right away; your son is about to be beaten to death!"

When they couldn't win, they resorted to acting like a shrew. Li Biao's mother cried and made a scene like a street brawler.

Wang Yongsan didn't care about them.

His current task was to disrupt the wedding. Li Biao was no longer a concern, but if he wanted to separate this couple, he needed the bride's consent.

"You must be Sister Liu, right?" Wang Yongsan looked at the bride.

"Junior brother, you've gotten yourself into big trouble." The bride looked worried, as if she was more on Wang Yongsan's side.

Wang Yongsan wasn't afraid of trouble now, because the biggest trouble was not completing his task of causing chaos.
```


Chapter 120:
He said, "Senior Sister, look at the man you're going to marry. He curses all the time and doesn't take rape seriously. Besides having some money at home, where is he worth marrying? Marriage is not a child's play; you must think it over carefully."

Luo Yusha tugged at him from behind.

Although she had also noticed that this senior sister seemed unhappy throughout the entire wedding, it was after all someone else's wedding. How could an outsider like him interfere?

Moreover, Wang Yongsan was advising her to regret the marriage.

"What's wrong with this person? Who invited him here?"

"Not only did he hit someone, but he also advised her to regret the marriage. He has no upbringing at all."

"Could he be the ex-boyfriend of the bride, coming to ruin the wedding?"

A group of aunties and uncles speculated about various possibilities.

However, since Li Biao couldn't even defeat Wang Yongsan, these people only dared to mutter under their breaths and didn't dare to stand up and intervene.

The bride's gaze was evasive.

Wang Yongsan shook his head at Luo Yusha and continued, "Senior Sister, if I give you one million yuan, would you be willing to give up this marriage?"

What kind of question is this?

Not only did the groom's family not understand, but even Luo Yusha and the bridesmaids were also stunned by what he said.

Even the bride herself was momentarily taken aback by his question.

Wang Yongsan thought to himself, "Sure enough, she married for money. If it weren't for the task of causing chaos, I wouldn't help such a materialistic woman."

One million yuan was not much for the Wang family, and if he could complete the task, it should be worth it.

However, the bride didn't agree to his offer.

She shook her head and softly refused, "I'm sorry, I can't accept it."

Wang Yongsan frowned and said, "Senior Sister, do you think it's too little?"

"No."

The bride quickly waved her hands and sighed, "I appreciate your kindness, junior brother, but I can't accept it."

"Why not? The man you're marrying, besides being rich, what else is there to marry him for? Now I give you money and ask you to regret the marriage, all the benefits go to you. What else is there for you to be unhappy about?"

Wang Yongsan was now convinced that this senior sister was a materialistic woman; otherwise, she wouldn't have fallen for such a man.

He didn't understand women, but Luo Yusha did.

She stopped Wang Yongsan, who was still trying to force the bride to regret the marriage, and asked the bride, "Senior Sister, if you have any unspoken difficulties, why don't you tell us about them? Although we may not be able to help you, today might be your only chance. If we all leave and you regret it later, there might be no one who can help you then."








The bride's expression was very conflicted. She opened her mouth several times to speak, but in the end, she held back.

It could be seen that she really had unspoken difficulties.

Wang Yongsan felt something was amiss. In his understanding, this senior sister could have some grievances at most; it would be something pitiful like her parents being seriously ill or owing money to others, and there was nothing that couldn't be spoken out loud.

However, looking at the bride's expression, it was clear that saying those words would make her feel even more uncomfortable than marrying this "pig slaughterer."

Luo Yusha's eyes lit up as she thought of something and whispered to Wang Yongsan, "Could it be fruit loans?"

Wang Yongsan heard this and also thought it was quite likely.


Chapter 121:
He had also heard some stories about fruit loans on campus, where girls used their photos as collateral for loans due to vanity. Some couldn't afford the interest and had to sell themselves to repay the debt.

Even those who paid off their loans lived in constant fear that their photos might suddenly appear on social media one day.

Could the senior sister in front of him have defaulted on her fruit loan and then been forced to provide more collateral? Had Li Biaozi discovered her weakness, forcing her to choose him as a partner?

"Fuck! You're the ones who lend fruit loans and ruin girls' lives. I'll kick you to death!"

Wang Yongsan had a deep hatred for these loan sharks who harmed girls.

While there were some fault on the part of those vain girls, it was these loan sharks who seduced them into taking loans in the first place.

Li Biaozi was already beaten badly, but Wang Yongsan's relentless kicks almost killed him.

"Stop! Stop kicking me! I'll call you grandpa, please let me go."

Li Biaozi cried from the pain. More importantly, he was humiliated.

"Fuck off! I don't have a grandson like you!"

Wang Yongsan withdrew his foot, not because Li Biaozi submitted but because Li Biaozi's mother was lying on her son.

If he continued kicking, and accidentally kicked Li Biaozi's mother, one kick could easily kill her.

"Hand over the stuff and cancel the wedding. We'll let this go, or else... you know what will happen!" Wang Yongsan clenched his fists and threatened fiercely.

Li Biaozi's tears flowed freely.

"Grandpa, I don't have what you want."

Wang Yongsan kicked him again and cursed, "Don't play tricks on me! Tell me everything you used to control my senior sister and hand it over!"

When he said this, Wang Yongsan considered the senior sister's feelings and didn't mention the photos or anything else explicitly.

Li Biaozi was scared after being beaten, so he had to obey Wang Yongsan's every command now.

"I will! I will! Stop kicking me, I'll go get it right now."

Li Biaozi acted like a grandson in front of Wang Yongsan, but when he turned to face his mother, he immediately put on an evil face and cursed, "Old thing! Didn't you hear my grandpa wants something? Hurry up and bring it here!"

Li's mother, a fifty-something woman, had no temper when scolded by her son.

She wiped away her tears and quickly climbed off her son, running towards a room.

Damn it! There's definitely something there!

Wang Yongsan kicked Li Biaozi a few more times fiercely.

Li Biaozi cried out in pain, "Grandpa! I'll listen to you! The old thing has already gone to get it. Please stop kicking me!"

Wang Yongsan scolded, "I'm not your grandpa! I'm teaching you a lesson on behalf of your mother. You talk to your own mother like that? You're such an unruly brat!"

Li's mother soon returned with a metal box in her hand.

Li Biaozi stretched out his hand impatiently and said, "Can't you hurry up?!"

Wang Yongsan kicked him again.

Poor and pitiful Li's mother, who had spoiled her son since childhood until he became what he is now. Now being beaten and scolded by her own son, she could only swallow the bitterness silently.

Wang Yongsan took the metal box but didn't dare to open it to see what was inside. He directly handed it over to the bride.

"Senior sister, take a look. Is this yours?"


Chapter 122:
The bride nervously took the iron box and ran to an empty room.

After about ten minutes, she came out with tears streaming down her face, nodding repeatedly to Wang Yongsan. Her voice choked with emotion as she said, "Yes, it's these. Thank you, junior brother. Thank you so much."

Wang Yongsan felt sorry for her.

One of his classmates, and a beautiful one at that, had resorted to fruit lending for a bit of money. It was hardly worth it.

However, the mission at hand took precedence.

He said, "You don't have to thank me. Just promise not to marry him."

The senior sister nodded vigorously, "I promise. I won't marry him. I don't even like him."

Luoyu Sha pulled Wang Yongsan from behind.

"Is there anything else, Sha Sha?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Luoyu Sha was much more composed than the average girl. She whispered in Wang Yongsan's ear, "Yongsan, you've injured so many people now. And with the attempted assault on Senior Sister Lin, they could easily deny everything. He's a fruit lender, which is also illegal. You might as well get all the fruit slips from him. That way, you both have something to hold over each other's heads, and he won't be able to press charges against you."

Wang Yongsan nodded in agreement.

While he didn't take the injuries too seriously, it was better to avoid trouble if possible.

Moreover, fruit lending was disadvantageous for many girls. Wang Yongsan believed that many of them had made impulsive decisions they regretted later.

If he could help them, Wang Yongsan wouldn't hesitate to put in some extra effort.

He nodded and turned to Li Biaozi, "How many of these things do you have? Hand them all over."

"Huh?"

Li Biaozi was stunned.

"I only have one of these things," he said.

"You old fart! You're not being honest, are you?"

Wang Yongsan landed another flurry of punches. This time, he held back his strength, fearing that he might accidentally kill the man.

Li Biaozi cried and wailed like a ghost, but even then, he remained stubbornly silent.

"Grandpa, my dear grandpa! I really don't have any more. These things are rare and hard to come by. I genuinely only have one!"

Wang Yongsan didn't believe him for a second.

However, Luoyu Sha seemed to realize something and quietly approached the senior sister, asking, "Senior Sister, is that a fruit slip you have?"

The senior sister shook her head nervously and said, "No."

Luoyu Sha thought she was worried about her shameful secret being exposed and said sternly, "Senior Sister, tell me the truth. I'll keep it a secret for you. You wouldn't want other classmates to be forced into such situations because of this, would you?"

The senior sister continued to shake her head, struggling to speak, "No, it's not. Sha Sha, please believe me."

"Then what is it?" Luoyu Sha insisted on knowing.

This matter was crucial to Wang Yongsan's potential criminal charges, so she had to find out.

The senior sister was at a loss for words.

Just then, the system prompt in Wang Yongsan's mind finally sounded again.

"Ding! The second phase task has been completed beyond expectations, rewarded with 50 points of 'Death by Stupidity'."

"Generating the third phase task."

Once again, he had completed the task beyond expectations, likely because he had helped the senior sister retrieve whatever was restricting her.

The prompt continued.

"Ding! The third phase task has been generated."

"Current Task: Pursue the Criminal (Consecutive Task - Third Phase)."


Chapter 123:
Task Summary: What you see may not be true. Sometimes what seems like a certain fact is actually a clever design by someone with ill intentions. Please find the real murderer of Hu Bin within three days and clear Liu Ya-Ting's name.








"Find the real murderer of Hu Bin within three days and clear Liu Ya-Ting's name."

"Task requirements: Time limit of three days."

"Upon completion, reward of 50 points in the 'Dying' system. Failure results in cancellation of subsequent tasks and deduction of all lifespan points."

Liu Ya-Ting is the senior sister.

Wang Yong-San already guessed what was inside the box.

He had been misled by Luo Yu-Sha earlier, but now he realized that Li Biao was from Lingjiang and couldn't possibly operate the fruit loan scheme in Longtai.

So, what was threatening Liu Ya-Ting must be something else.

That thing was that Liu's senior sister had been framed for murder, and the contents of the iron box should be evidence of her "murder."

"Shasha, don't embarrass Senior Sister. That box isn't what we think it is." Wang Yong-San said to Luo Yu-Sha.

"How do you know it isn't?" Luo Yu-Sha didn't give up.

Wang Yong-San looked at Liu Ya-Ting and smiled, "Because I already know what's inside the box."

Liu Ya-Ting trembled, but quickly recovered.

She probably thought Wang Yong-San was just guessing, and it was impossible for too many people to know about this matter.

Wang Yong-San glanced at the Li family and said coldly, "That's all for today. If anyone feels unsatisfied, they can go to the Chen family and find Chen Ran. Just say you're looking for me, Wang Yong-San, and she will take good care of you."

"Chen Ran? The young lady?"

Li Biao heard this name and felt even more uncomfortable than being beaten by Wang Yong-San ten times.

In Lingjiang, Chen Ran's name was synonymous with a devil. Besides a few big figures, even Qi Refinement Realm experts or deputy-level officials would avoid her.

There was no way around it; her father was too powerful, and he doted on his daughter excessively.

If anyone made the young lady unhappy, the Chen family would not reason with you.

They wouldn't even follow legal procedures.

"No need to doubt, it is her. Anyway, if you want to find me, just go directly to the Chen family."

Wang Yong-San was satisfied with Li Biao's current reaction.

He mentioned Chen Ran to avoid further trouble.

Moreover, Chen Ran was currently adventuring in some corner of the world, so even if they went to the Chen family, it would be impossible for them to find the young lady.

Wang Yong-San left gracefully, accompanied by Luo Yu-Sha, with the bride and bridesmaid following behind.

The expressions of the four were different.

Wang Yong-San said goodbye to Luo Yu-Sha and then asked Liu Ya-Ting, "Senior Sister, I have something to ask you. Please come here for a moment."

Liu Ya-Ting felt much lighter after getting the item, but when Wang Yong-San called her, she became tense again.

The two went to a secluded place.

Liu Ya-Ting couldn't withstand the psychological pressure and spoke first, "Junior Brother, I don't know what you want to ask me."

Wang Yong-San stared into her eyes and said directly, "Senior Sister, you've killed someone before, right?"

</div>


Chapter 124:
Liu Yaoting's expression suddenly became anxious, and she exclaimed in fear, "You mustn't speak nonsense! I didn't kill anyone. What evidence do you have to say that I've killed someone?"

Wang Yongsan pointed at the iron box in her hand with three fingers and spoke slowly, "The evidence is right here in your hands. If you don't admit it, let's open it and take a look together, shall we?"

Liu Yaoting collapsed instantly. She sat down on the ground with her legs folded, tightly gripping the iron box with both hands, and tears flowed uncontrollably.

She kept repeating to herself, "I didn't kill anyone. I really didn't mean it."

Wang Yongsan crouched down beside her and comforted her, "I believe you. You really didn't kill anyone."

Liu Yaoting looked at him with tears in her eyes and asked, "You really believe me?"

Wang Yongsan nodded, "Of course I do. Because you didn't kill anyone. You were framed."

"Who is it? Who framed me?" Liu Yaoting seemed to be on the verge of madness.

Wang Yongsan quickly comforted her, "Don't worry about it now. I don't know who did it either, which is why I need to ask you. We have to work together to find evidence and catch the real murderer. Only then can you completely clear your name of suspicion for murder."

Hearing that she might be able to clear her name, Liu Yaoting became extremely excited.

She had been tormented by the murder for days, constantly seeing the scene of her ex-boyfriend being killed by herself every time she closed her eyes.

Liu Yaoting had thought about confessing many times, but she was really afraid of death and didn't want to spend her life in prison. So when Li Biaozi came with the evidence from that day and asked her to marry him, Liu Yaoting had no choice but to compromise, even though she was reluctant.

"You really can help me?" Liu Yaoting asked.

Wang Yongsan nodded, "Yes, I guarantee it with my life. If I can't help you clear your name, let me die without a burial place!"

In any case, if he couldn't complete the task, his lifespan would also be reset to zero.

Wang Yongsan had never doubted the abilities of the Death System.

If it could make him invisible, wouldn't killing him be as easy as playing a game?

Liu Yaoting thought about it. Since Wang Yongsan already knew that she had killed someone, there was no point in hiding it from him anymore. Besides, he had just helped her by offending Li Biaozi. He seemed like a good person.

"Okay, how do you want to cooperate with me?" Liu Yaoting finally made up her mind. If she didn't solve the murder case, even if she wasn't caught, she wouldn't be able to rest easy.

Wang Yongsan said, "We'll talk about the rest later. For now, I want to see what's inside your box."

Liu Yaoting took a deep breath and handed the box to Wang Yongsan.

Opening it, there were three items inside.

A memory card, a syringe, and a small bottle containing half a bottle of transparent liquid.

"What are these?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Liu Yaoting cried, "These are all evidence. I just wanted him to stop bothering me at the time. I never thought about killing him. Wuu..."

What a fragile girl she was.

Seeing her emotional state, Wang Yongsan figured it would be difficult to get more information out of her for the time being. He decided to check the memory card first.

It was a phone memory card that could be directly inserted into a phone for viewing.

After Wang Yongsan inserted the card, he found a video clip within it.


Chapter 125:
In the video, a boy is at Liu Yating's house, trying to get intimate with her. Liu Yating comforts him and injects something into his body, and then… there is no more video.

"What did you inject him with?" Wang Yongsan asks.

Liu Yating wipes away her tears and says, "Estrogen."

Wang Yongsan is puzzled: "Estrogen? Why did you inject him with that?"

Liu Yating sniffs and says, "The boy in the video was my ex-boyfriend. He was a jerk who cheated on me with other girls while we were together. After I broke up with him, he refused to accept it and kept harassing me, even touching me inappropriately. I couldn't stand it anymore, so I decided to make him impotent by injecting him with estrogen."

Wang Yongsan feels a chill down his spine.

He thinks to himself: Are girls this scary?

It seems like he should keep his distance from Lin Shishi to avoid making Luo Yusha jealous and getting a needle from her too.








Estrogen can ruin a man's abilities. If used excessively, it can also cause him to develop some female characteristics.

But…

"Estrogen shouldn't be lethal, right?" Wang Yongsan asks in confusion.

Liu Yating nods and says, "I think it should be fine too, but Hu Bin did die. When the police came to investigate, they couldn't find any problems. But if this video and the syringe with the medicine are found, they will definitely know that I killed Hu Bin."

Wang Yongsan is puzzled.

The police couldn't find any problems, which means Liu Yating didn't inject anything poisonous.

However, Hu Bin died shortly after receiving the estrogen injection, so there must be some connection between his death and those drugs.

"Aaah, my head hurts so much!" Wang Yongsan is not cut out for solving cases. He is completely clueless about this situation.

The task requires solving the case within three days, but with just these clues, there is no way to make any progress.

"That's right; I can extract abilities!" Wang Yongsan brightens up.

After completing the last task, he bought some physical strength with his remaining 20 points of death credits.

For this task, he completed the first two stages with excellent results and earned a total of 90 death credits.

Now, Wang Yongsan has hidden 110 "wealth" in his pocket—enough to draw abilities ten more times.

"To become stronger, I need to save more death credits for physical strength and not spend them all on abilities. Let's try drawing three times first."

Wang Yongsan opens the death credit mall and selects ability extraction.

The wheel spins, then stops.

"Ding! Congratulations on drawing the ability of 'Superior Hearing' (one-day trial). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

"Superior Hearing? It seems useful."

Wang Yongsan looks at the ability description.

[Superior Hearing: Adjusts the sensitivity of the eardrum, greatly enhancing sound reception capabilities while also strengthening the cochlea's ability to distinguish sounds. It can filter out one sound from hundreds of others and enhance comprehension of it.]

(Note: You can increase the effectiveness of Superior Hearing by consuming spirit power.)

It's a good ability for eavesdropping.

However, it doesn't seem very helpful for the current task of finding the murderer.

Let's draw again.

The wheel stops on a superpower icon after spinning.


Chapter 126:
"Ding Dong, congratulations on drawing the Hypnosis Super Ability (One-Day Experience). Do you want to extract it immediately?"

Wang Yongsan was somewhat excited.

This was the second time he had experienced a super ability after his last invisibility experience.

His gaze fell on the ability description.

【Hypnosis: Establish a mental connection with the target using overwhelming spiritual power. The target will answer any questions and follow simple behavioral commands given by the user. The more powerful the target's spirit, the more spiritual power the user will consume.】

Awesome.

Really awesome.

As a super ability, Hypnosis not only allows for answers to any questions but also enables the user to hypnotize others and make them perform actions according to their commands.

"Hahaha, Wang Hao that turtle grandson always causes me trouble. Next time I hypnotize him, I'll make him poop in the cafeteria."

Wang Yongsan was so engrossed in drawing abilities that he lost track of time.

On the other side, Liu Yating thought he had gone mad when she saw him laughing to himself for no apparent reason.

She cautiously waved her hand in front of Wang Yongsan and whispered, "Junior brother? Classmate Wang? Are you okay?"

"Ah? Oh, I'm fine."

Wang Yongsan snapped out of it and quickly put on a serious expression.

Although others couldn't see the Points Shop, Wang Yongsan's behavior while drawing abilities could easily lead to misunderstandings.

It seems that I should try not to draw abilities in front of others from now on.

Liu Yating, worried about her own situation, asked, "Junior brother, have you found anything after looking at the materials? I really didn't know that estrogen could kill someone. Otherwise, even if he harassed me, I wouldn't have dared to inject him with it."

Wang Yongsan comforted her, "Don't worry, senior sister. I will definitely help you with this matter."

"Thank you, junior brother."

"You're welcome." Wang Yongsan said, "But this matter needs to be investigated slowly. Don't tell anyone and don't worry. Just act like nothing happened when we go back, okay?"

Liu Yating nodded and said, "I can do that."

Suddenly, a task was triggered, so Wang Yongsan had to put aside his plan to call Zhu Chang'an about joining the Jianghu Supervision Department.

Additionally, he had to postpone what he had previously agreed upon with Luo Yusha.

When the four of them took a taxi back, Wang Yongsan quietly pulled Luo Yusha aside.

"Yusha, I'm sorry, but we might not be able to go back to my house tomorrow." Wang Yongsan apologized.

Luo Yusha looked at him and calmly said, "Oh."

This reaction was unusual; Luo Yusha used to be very meddlesome, but why was she acting so differently this time?

Wang Yongsan asked, "Aren't you curious about why?"

Luo Yusha pouted, looking upset as she said, "Why should I ask? It must be because you like Liu senior sister. Otherwise, why would you have whispered to her for so long and then come back to tell me this?"

"This..."

Wang Yongsan was at a loss for words.

What I did today really wasn't considerate. In the eyes of someone who doesn't know about the system that incites recklessness, everyone would think like Luo Yusha.


Chapter 127:
However, the system of seeking death does not allow others to know its existence.

"Sasha, I don't know how to tell you this, but anyway, today's matter is entirely because I couldn't bear it, and it has nothing to do with whether I like her or not. I can only tell you that I, Wang Yongsan, will love you, Luo Yusha, for the rest of my life."

Wang Yongsan spoke very affectionately and seriously.

Luo Yusha giggled and coquettishly said, "Big fool, if you can't say it, don't say it. I believe you."

Wang Yongsan sighed in relief.

He never realized that Luo Yusha was actually so jealous.

"But Sasha, because of one thing, I may have to meet the senior sister more in the next two days. It's not convenient for me to tell you now. When everything is clarified, I will tell you all about it, okay?"

For the next three days, Wang Yongsan would focus all his energy on the task of tracking down the murderer.

To avoid Luo Yusha getting jealous again, he could only speak first.

"Alright, but you mustn't do anything excessive while you're together. If you do, I won't forgive you." Luo Yusha waved her fist.

Wang Yongsan quickly assured, "Don't worry, Sasha. Even if you're not there, I will be strict with myself."

When he said this, Wang Yongsan felt embarrassed inside.

The last time, he was actually kissed by Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi. Although it was because the task required it, there was indeed a fact to it.

What he didn't know was that Luo Yusha got jealous today not because she doubted Wang Yongsan had a problem with Liu Yating.

The reason she threatened Wang Yongsan was actually to remind him and let him know that she cared about his interactions with other girls, so he should stay away from them in the future.








Wang Yongsan has changed a lot recently. Not only is he much braver than before, but he has also become particularly fierce and skilled in fighting. He is also more decisive.

Luo Yusha likes Wang Yongsan like this now, but correspondingly, she can also sense other girls' attention towards her boyfriend.

Especially the school beauty, Lin Shishi.

Luo Yusha has already determined that Lin Shishi is her rival in love.

Taking advantage of this opportunity today, she reminded Wang Yongsan so that when he meets Lin Shishi in the future, he would have some scruples in his heart.

The trip to Jiangjiang ended here.

Originally, Wang Yongsan still had several things to do, but now that the task suddenly triggered, he could only put all his affairs on hold.

It's not about how much reward the task brings, but if the task is not completed, people will die.

On the way back.

Wang Yongsan opened the积分商城 again.

"Purchase two points of intelligence."

"Ding, intelligence purchase successful. 10 points of seeking death积分 consumed. Your current intelligence is changed to 10 points."

"Ding, intelligence purchase successful. 10 points of seeking death积分 consumed. Your current intelligence is changed to 11 points."

After purchasing two points in a row, a total of 30 points of seeking death积分 were consumed.

After breaking through ten points in intelligence, just like breaking through ten points in physique, Wang Yongsan had a new feeling.

This time, what Wang Yongsan felt was the numerical value of his spiritual power. He had a vague impression that his spiritual power numerical value was 33, and one point of intelligence could be equivalent to three points of spiritual power.


Chapter 128:
At the same time, after Wang Yongsan's spiritual power became stronger, he could also feel the 'energy' within his body.

"Damn it, I only had a six-point energy limit before. It seems that having a higher physique doesn't necessarily mean becoming stronger in terms of energy."

"Does that mean I need to find martial arts for cultivating energy?"

"But how did I get these six points of energy in the first place? Did I eat them?"

The only ability related to energy that Wang Yongsan currently possessed was the "glutton" ability, so if this energy was cultivated later on, it must have come from the glutton ability.

"No matter what, I'll go back and have a big meal first to try it out."

The taxi directly drove to the fast food restaurant outside Longtai University.

All four of them hadn't eaten lunch, and it was now half past two in the afternoon. Many restaurants were closed, with only fast food places still open.

"I'll treat you today, eat whatever you want."

Wang Yongsan waved his hand generously and led the group into "Biting Chicken."

The service at Biting Chicken was quite good; upon seeing the customers come in, they greeted them with a smile.

Liu Yating and bridesmaid Lin sister were both still wearing their wedding clothes, just with an extra coat on top. Sitting inside Biting Chicken made them feel a bit embarrassed.

"Junior brother, why don't we just buy some food to go?" Liu Yating suggested.

"Yeah, my clothes are torn; it's so embarrassing."

Lin sister tugged at her own clothes, which had already started to reveal her white skin in some places.

At this time, there weren't many customers inside, but there were still a few, along with the Biting Chicken staff, who were quite curious as to why the bride was eating fast food at this hour.

With so many eyes staring, even thick-skinned people would feel embarrassed, let alone the two sisters who were both introverted.

Luo Yusha said to Wang Yongsan, "Why don't I take the two sisters to a nearby hotel first, and you can bring the food over there later?"

Wang Yongsan asked, "Not going back to school?"

Luo Yusha pinched her nose and scolded, "Are you stupid? If the sisters go back to school wearing wedding dresses, they'll attract even more attention. After eating, I'll go back to their dormitory to get some clothes for them, and they can change into casual clothes before going back."

Wang Yongsan responded with an "Oh," and said, "Alright then, you go first. I'll contact you later."

The hotel was right next door, so Luo Yusha and the two sisters left first.

This left Wang Yongsan standing at the ordering counter, pointing to the food on the wall and saying, "I'll have ten of these, twenty of those, five each of these two, three buckets of this, and also ten desserts. Please hurry up; I'm a bit hungry."

My God!!!

Is this just a bit hungry?

The staff at Biting Chicken were all stunned.

They knew that even ten people might not be able to finish this much food, and no one dared to challenge such a quantity, even the big eaters didn't dare to try half of it.

"Sir, are you eating all this by yourself?" the server asked awkwardly.

Wang Yongsan urged, "Isn't it obvious that we have four people? Hurry up, okay? It's already past two; I'm starving to death."


Chapter 129:
The waiter politely said, "Sir, this might be your first time dining with us. The items you've ordered are quite substantial. For instance, this hamburger is so big that I estimate you'll be full after eating two to three of them. As for this family bucket, it's meant for a whole family to share. With so much food ordered, you might not be able to finish it all and it would go bad."

Wang Yong scratched his head embarrassedly and said, "Thank you for the reminder. However, I can eat quite a lot. Besides, if I don't finish it all, my classmates will help me out. So please just serve what I ordered as requested."

Since the guest insisted on ordering so much, the waiter couldn't say anything more.

All the food was placed on the serving table, filling up half a sack. The waiter provided six extra-large plastic bags to pack everything in.

Wang Yong paid with his phone and picked up the food, ready to leave.

On his way out, he reached into one of the plastic bags and grabbed a hamburger. With a big bite, he swallowed it whole.

The passersby on the street were stunned.

"My goodness, is this guy a bottomless pit?"

"It's unbelievable. He can eat a large hamburger in one bite?"

"Does his neck consist entirely of esophagus? It seems like he doesn't even need to chew his food."

"Quick, take a picture of him. I'll upload it to Huoshan [a Chinese video-sharing platform]. This time, I'm sure it will surpass 2000 firepower [a reference to the platform's popularity metric]."

Wang Yong was extremely hungry and couldn't care less about the people pointing at him.

Before he even reached his hotel, he had consumed one of the six bags of food.

"Hmm, my energy has indeed increased a bit, but... why does it feel like this energy is unstable?"

Wang Yong thought about it as he walked.

He had forgotten that the reason he bought intelligence was to enhance his thinking speed, making it easier for him to help Liu Yaqi find the real murderer.

But now, his attention was completely drawn towards finding ways to increase his energy.

"Hey, you there! Stop!"

Wang Yong was about to call Ro Yusha to ask where their room was when he suddenly heard a familiar, fierce female voice behind him.

When he turned around, it was indeed that shameless woman, Hua Shengnan.

Wang Yong's face fell, and he sighed helplessly, "Officer Hua, you really are inseparable from me. What reason do you have for bothering me this time?"

Hua Shengnan snorted disdainfully and said, "I'm bothering you? During the day? Can you stop dreaming?"

Wang Yong retorted indignantly, "Then can you explain why I keep running into you wherever I go? Don't tell me you came here to handle a case, right?"

Hua Shengnan chuckled, "I'm also puzzled. Every time there's a case, you seem to be around. Are you like Conan?"








"A case? I don't see any. Unless you plan on raping me, that would indeed be a serious case, and extremely serious at that." Wang Yong brought up the old incident again to provoke her.

Hua Shengnan's face turned red with anger upon hearing his words.

"Wang, you... I've already shown you my underwear, and yet you still say such things? Are you looking for death?"

Hua Shengnan wasn't alone this time; she had brought several subordinates with her.

Upon hearing Hua Shengnan's words, the two subordinates were left speechless.

</div>


Chapter 130:
“Damn it, Huazhou is too bold. You let people watch, and you even say it out loud in front of so many people.”

Sure enough, Huazhou deserves its reputation.

After Hua Shengnan finished speaking, she instantly realized that she had said the wrong thing, and her face turned red in an instant.

When Wang Yongsan saw that she wanted to rush over, he quickly slipped away—he ran upstairs.

He ran all the way up to the second floor.

Wang Yongsan looked down and saw that Hua Shengnan had not chased after him, so he breathed a sigh of relief and called Luo Yusha.

"Hey, Shasha, where are you guys? I'm at the Speed 8 now."

"Come up, we're in room 515 on the fifth floor."

"Okay, I'll be there right away."

After Wang Yongsan hung up the phone, he went to wait for the elevator.

When the elevator came up, Hua Shengnan was inside.

"Damn it, it's you again?"

"Bastard, come over here." Hua Shengnan rolled up her sleeves and prepared to beat someone up.

Wang Yongsan didn't dare to go over, so he turned around and ran.

Hua Shengnan wanted to chase after him but was blocked by two of her subordinates: "Chief Hua, we have a case to handle. Please, let's take care of the important matters first."

Hua Shengnan was so angry that she had lost her mind, and she pointed at Wang Yongsan's back and cursed: "Kid, don't let me see you again. If I meet you next time, I will break off your third leg!"

Wang Yongsan ran for quite a while before daring to stop. He cursed: "B*tch, you're too ruthless. My third leg is related to Shasha's happiness for the rest of her life, and you actually want to take it away."

After encountering the god of plague in the elevator, Wang Yongsan was afraid that he had been cursed, so he didn't dare to wait for the next one.

He climbed up the stairs directly and reached the fifth floor.

For someone with a constitution of 11 o'clock, climbing five floors was about the same effort as walking 100 meters on flat ground. Soon, he arrived at his destination.

"Hmm? This b*tch is actually on the fifth floor too."

Wang Yongsan hid in the stairway and saw that one of Hua Shengnan's subordinates was guarding the door of a certain room.

Then, after just a few minutes, Hua Shengnan came out with Liu Yating.

Wang Yongsan widened his eyes, and he saw that Liu Yating's hands were handcuffed, with tears in her eyes as if she had just cried.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan couldn't stand it anymore and rushed over to block Hua Shengnan in front of him: "Stop!"

These two words, which Hua Shengnan shouted at others every day, were the first time someone had shouted them at her.

She already didn't like Wang Yongsan, and now that the other party was blocking her way, how could she not get angry?

"What are you doing? Police handling a case, do you want to cause chaos?" Hua Shengnan pointed at Wang Yongsan's nose and shouted loudly.

In this situation, Wang Yongsan knew what was going on even if he used his knee to think about it.

It must be that Li Biao felt that he had suffered a loss and didn't dare to retaliate against himself, but he felt that his heart was blocked, so he called the police to arrest Liu Yating for revenge.

"Chief Hua, you've misunderstood this time. Liu Yating is not a murderer." Wang Yongsan tried his best to be polite and gentle.

Now was not the time to argue; Wang Yongsan's mission was to help Liu Yating clear her name. He didn't even know the specifics yet, so how could he continue his mission if Liu Yating was taken away?

But Wang Yongsan didn't want to argue, while Hua Shengnan was not so patient.

She sneered and framed him: "Oh, how do you know why I arrested her? Could it be that you're an accomplice too?"

</div>


Chapter 131:
"I am not her accomplice, but I know she was framed." Wang Yongsan said sternly.

Hua Shengnan's face changed, and she sneered, "Whether she was framed or not is not up to you, the villain, to define. I have important business today and won't argue with you. Get out of my way quickly."

Wang Yongsan became anxious: "How can you, a police officer, behave like this and arrest people at will?"

"You say I arrest people at will?"

"Is that not the case?"

"Alright, today I will arrest someone at will for you to see. Xiao Xu and Xiao Liu, handcuff him as well and say he is obstructing police work and suspected of being an accomplice to the murderer."

At Hua Shengnan's command, the two soldiers behind her had no choice but to step forward and arrest him.

Luo Yusha and Lin Jiexiu also heard the noise at this time and ran out, seeing Wang Yongsan arguing with Hua Shengnan again, they quickly stepped forward to mediate.

"Yongsan, don't argue anymore. They came with arrest warrants. Let's think of another way."

"No."

Wang Yongsan shook his head and said to Luo Yusha, "Shasha, you go back to school first. I'll accompany Jiejie to the police station. This matter is very important to me, and I must go with her."

Can't leave Liu Yating behind, then I'll follow along, right?

Hua Shengnan didn't expect Wang Yongsan to be so persistent, but it happened to suit her plans.

"You don't go the right way in heaven but come through the wrong door in hell. Since you seek death yourself, I'll grant your wish."

Wang Yongsan said sternly: "I will go with you, but not as a criminal. I want to protect Jiejie so that she won't be harmed by you, these unscrupulous police officers."

"What did you say?"

"You know what I'm saying."

Hua Shengnan was so angry that her teeth itched. The incident last time had become the stain of her life and couldn't be wiped away no matter how hard she tried.

"Let's go."

Hua Shengnan led the way downstairs.

Two police officers escorted Liu Yating and got into the police car with Hua Shengnan.

Wang Yongsan hailed a taxi and followed behind.

As soon as he got in the car, Wang Yongsan called Zhu Chang'an.

"Old Zhu, I have a big favor to ask you for."

"Oh? What kind of big favor? You can tell me first."

"It's like this..."

Wang Yongsan chatted away, recounting the matter of Liu Yating from start to finish.

"Old Zhu, I'm sure Jiejie was wronged, and there are many doubts about this case. But that b*tch, probably experiencing menopause early, insisted she was a murderer. It's about someone's life! You can't stand by and watch her die!"

Wang Yongsan spoke with genuine emotion, as if he was genuinely worried about Liu Yating. In reality, he was worried that he wouldn't be able to complete his task.

Zhu Chang'an said, "Don't worry, ordinary murder cases won't reach a conclusion quickly. Why don't you see if this works? I'll give them a call and let you assist the police in solving the case as an unofficial member. How about that?"

Wang Yongsan immediately became happy: "Can I do that? That would be great. Thank you, Old Zhu!"

Zhu Chang'an laughed: "Rules are rigid, but people are flexible. You, an ordinary citizen, can do so much for someone else's injustice. Why should I hesitate to make a phone call?"

With Zhu Chang'an's help, Wang Yongsan felt at ease.

The taxi stopped.


Chapter 132:
Wang Yongsan got off the car and followed Hua Shengnan towards the police station.

Hua Shengnan stopped him and sneered, "Mr. Wang, I'll make this clear first: you can't just walk into the police station whenever you want. Either you become a criminal and I escort you in, or you wait outside quietly."

Hua Shengnan was quite proud of herself. In her opinion, if Wang Yongsan wanted to enter the station, he could only choose to become a criminal.

However, her happiness didn't last long before the door of the police station behind them was suddenly opened and a group of people, including the director, came out to welcome him.








Hua Shengnan saw the people behind her and quickly stood at attention, giving a salute.

Two leaders each grabbed one of Wang Yongsan's hands and shook them vigorously.

"Mr. Wang, you are young but accomplished. We welcome your guidance of our police department's work."

"Mr. Wang, we meet again. Thank you for coming in person."

Wang Yongsan was completely baffled.

He still didn't know how much influence Zhu Chang'an had, and felt a little embarrassed.

Hua Shengnan was almost furious beside him.

Although she sometimes acted impulsively, she wasn't so naive as to not understand anything.

The situation in front of her clearly showed that someone had spoken for Wang Yongsan.

Actually, Hua Shengnan was Zhu Chang'an's granddaughter, and this identity was more valuable than Wang Yongsan's. But the problem was that Hua Shengnan never allowed her family to help her, and her family had to hide their relationship with her out of respect for her pride.

So, even her superior didn't know her true background.

"Hua Shengnan comrade, I see that your attitude towards Mr. Wang is not friendly at all. I warn you again: if you act so recklessly next time, be careful that I dismiss you from your post."

Hua Shengnan retorted, "It's not as you see it. He wanted to interfere with my investigation."

"Interfere with your investigation?" Director Lin sneered, "As far as I know, you are currently handling the 915 murder case, right?"

Hua Shengnan looked up proudly, "That's correct."

Director Lin ordered, "From now on, the 915 murder case will be handled entirely by Mr. Wang. If you stop him again, it won't be him interfering with your investigation but you interfering with his. The consequences are obvious, I don't need to explain them further, right?"

Wang Yongsan thought he could just participate in the case, but Zhu Chang'an's phone call allowed him to take full responsibility for it.

This was a murder case after all.

Old Zhu not only had great influence but also trusted Wang Yongsan enough to let him lead the investigation.

"What about me then?" Hua Shengnan was stunned.

"You?" Director Lin sneered, "You will be a telephone operator for the next two days. This way you won't forget your own name all the time."

A telephone operator?

What kind of job was that?

Hua Shengnan had no other hobbies; her only passion was to punish evil-doers. She finally got a chance to solve a murder case, but someone cut her off halfway; she couldn't accept it.

"Director Lin, you can't do this. This case has always been under my responsibility. Now that we have caught the murderer, if you change investigators now, it will affect the progress of the case."

Hua Shengnan had never been so humble before, but for the sake of solving the case, she was willing to try.


Chapter 133:
Chief Lin shook his head: "There's no need to say more. This is the decision of the bureau. From now on, you will be a switchboard operator in team one. When will you be restored to your original position depends on your work attitude."

Flower Shengnan was almost angry to tears.

Why is it so difficult for me to handle a case well?

"That..."

Wang Yongsan, who had been in a state of confusion for a long time, finally came to his senses.

"Mr. Wang, what can I do for you?"

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and asked Flower Shengnan embarrassedly: "You just said that you have been in charge of this case. Does that mean you know everything about it?"

My case was taken away because of this villain. Flower Shengnan has already regarded him as his lifelong enemy.

She replied impatiently: "So what?"

Wang Yongsan said embarrassedly: "Well, since that's the case, can you do me a favor and introduce this case to me?"

Flower Shengnan turned her head away and said: "Why should I?"

"This... Since we are all working to solve the case, can you help me as a favor?" Wang Yongsan asked cautiously.

"No way."

Flower Shengnan refused without hesitation.

Chief Lin couldn't bear to see this and shouted loudly: "Comrade Flower Shengnan, please pay attention to your attitude. It is your duty to hand over the progress of the case. I order you to tell Mr. Wang everything about the case completely."

Flower Shengnan smiled and acted coquettishly: "I'm sorry, I was too angry today and lost my memory."

Nima.

This reason is too unreasonable.

Do you take everyone for a fool?

Chief Lin was about to get angry when Flower Shengnan said again: "Unless you let me return to my original position and continue to take charge of the case. Maybe I will remember everything when I am happy."

"Nonsense, you dare to negotiate with me? Do you believe I will demote you to a traffic police officer if you don't cooperate?"

Chief Lin felt that his face was lost by Flower Shengnan.

Wang Yongsan is a distinguished guest arranged by the higher-ups. Although Flower Shengnan usually loses her temper and causes some trouble, today she is so bold to confront him in front of such an important person. It is simply lawless.

But Flower Shengnan happens to be useful to Wang Yongsan.

"That, Chief Lin, why don't you give me some face... Let Flower Bureau be my assistant?"

When Wang Yongsan said this, he felt a little embarrassed himself.

A civilian actually asked for face. If there was no Zhu Chang'an to speak up, he would have lost a lot of face.

Unfortunately, I have someone on top.

"Okay, okay, since Mr. Wang asked for it, then Comrade Flower Shengnan, you will accompany Mr. Wang. Whatever he asks you to do, you must cooperate with him. Anyway, you must accompany him until he is satisfied. Once the task is completed, you will be restored to your original position, understand?"

Wang Yongsan was dizzy for a moment.

This statement has some ambiguity.

But Flower Shengnan didn't care about these, and happily agreed.

Although she has changed from the main person in charge to an assistant, at least she can still participate in the case.

For this violent female police officer, solving cases is her life. It's good to have a case to handle. Who cares who the boss is?


Chapter 134:
"Alright, since I am fully responsible for this matter, I will now issue my first order: release Liu's handcuffs."

Wang Yongsan established his temporary leadership position and issued the order as soon as possible.

"Hmm?"

Huashengnan stared at him with wide eyes, staring at him intently.

Wang Yongsan glared back: "What are you 'Hmm'ing about? Now it's my turn to be in charge, do you dare not listen?"

Huashengnan wanted to get angry but dared not, so she could only say fiercely: "Fine, you are ruthless. I want to see what happens when you find out that the murderer is her who did it, will you still be so smug?"

"That's none of your business." Wang Yongsan tilted his neck proudly.

Huashengnan was so angry.

Isn't it just having someone above him? She wished she could mention her grandfather and use her background to crush this bad guy.








Lin Jie and the legal officials stood by, staring at Wang Yongsan with their eyes like they were facing a lover, with a sweet smile on their faces, which made Wang Yongsan shiver all over.

"That Lin Jie, and this leader." Wang Yongsan scratched his head shyly and greeted the two "big people".

The legal official quickly smiled: "It's nothing, everyone is a servant of the people, what leader or not. My name is Zhao Quande, Xiao Wang can call me Lao Zhao or just Quande."

The legal official was slightly higher in rank than the police chief, so after he said this, Lin Jie naturally dared not be arrogant.

He also smiled and said: "Mr. Wang can call me Lao Lin."

Wang Yongsan was appointed by Zhu Chang'an, and although Zhu Chang'an had retired, he was not someone that a few small county officials could compare to. Any little brother under his command could scold Zhao Quande and Lin Jie a hundred times.

Wang Yongsan didn't understand these political circles very well, but he understood that Zhu Chang'an, the retired leader, had extraordinary power.

"Cough cough, that Lao Zhao, Lao Lin, what we need to deal with now is a murder case, which is quite urgent. So, after everyone has greeted each other, shouldn't we get back to work?"

Wang Yongsan used as polite a tone as possible to ask the guests to leave.

Lin Jie thought, this is my territory ah, where do you want me to go?

It was still Zhao Quande who pulled him by the side and smiled: "Yes yes, a murder case should be dealt with as soon as possible. Since this case has been handed over to Xiao Wang, we can rest assured. Ah, that, Lao Lin, there is a meeting in the county, let's go together."

"Oh oh, okay."

Lin Jie was dragged away inexplicably.

Zhao Quande didn't let go until he got into the car, then stared at Lin Jie and said: "Lao Lin, don't you have any eyesight? Can't you see that this Xiao Wang is obviously here for Huashengnan, why are you still trying to get in the way?"

Lin Jie widened his eyes and couldn't believe it: "Chairman Zhao, this is impossible, right? Huashengnan is already 26 years old, and Xiao Wang is only about 20 at most. This age difference..."

"You don't understand, do you?"


Chapter 135:
Zhao Quande laughed: “I heard that your agency's Hua Shengnan took the opportunity to flirt with Comrade Xiao Wang during interrogation. Young people these days can't resist such temptations, so of course Comrade Xiao Wang will fall.”

“This…”

Lin Jie had also heard about what happened that time.

At first, he didn't believe that Hua Shengnan, this violent female man, would do such a thing. But today, Wang Yongsan used his connections to intervene in this matter; if it wasn't because of Hua Shengnan, then what was the reason?

On the other side.

At the entrance of the Public Security Bureau, Hua Shengnan glared and said impatiently to Wang Yongsan: “Let's go, what are you dawdling for? Do you want to handle the case or not?”

“Oh oh, let's go. You lead the way.”

The Public Security Bureau was so big that Wang Yongsan had only entered the interrogation room once and wasn't familiar with it.

Hua Shengnan led the way, taking Wang Yongsan all the way to her office.

Wang Yongsan hesitated at the door: “Director Hua, we are handling a case. You brought me here; don't tell me you have some evil intentions?”

Hua Shengnan had a black line on her face: “I think the one with evil intentions is you. The information is all stored on my computer; it's not here to handle the case, where do you want to go?”

“Oh, so that's how it is.”

Wang Yongsan realized he had misunderstood and scratched his head embarrassedly.

Entering the room, Wang Yongsan closed the door casually.

Hua Shengnan walked to her desk and sat down, turning on the computer and pulling up some information.

Although she and Wang Yongsan were at odds, Hua Shengnan had an extraordinary sense of justice.

All the previous evidence pointed to Liu Yating being the murderer, but Wang Yongsan was so sure there was another murderer; now Hua Shengnan had some doubts too.

She didn't want to let any bad guys go, but she wouldn't wrongly arrest an innocent person either.

All the case files were collected in a folder, and the two people who didn't get along but were very dedicated to the case sat together peacefully, studying the entire case together.

“See this? All evidence points to Liu Yating being the murderer; what else do you have to say?”

Hua Shengnan re-examined the case files and still believed Liu Yating was the murderer.

There was no way around it; the new evidence was strong, capturing Liu Yating's crime in full. With such solid evidence, even a fool could tell who the murderer was.

Wang Yongsan had nothing to say.

Now that the evidence was conclusive, if he wanted to help Liu Yating overturn the case, he had to find another way.

I can't figure it out; I just can't figure it out.

It seems like I still have to keep drawing abilities.

Last time, Wang Yongsan prepared to draw three times, but after only two draws, Liu Yating interrupted him and obtained super hearing and hypnosis.

These two abilities were targeted; although they would definitely be useful, what Wang Yongsan lacked most now was the ability to help him find the right direction for his investigation.

“Heaven protect me and let me draw a useful ability to solve the case!”

The wheel spun.

After about fifteen seconds, the wheel stopped.

“Ding dong, congratulations on drawing Logical Ability (one-day experience). Do you want to extract it now?”

“I rely on!”

Wang Yongsan jumped up.

Logical Ability; this was the best ability for solving cases!


Chapter 136:
With it, Mom doesn't have to worry about me being deceived by others anymore.

"You crazy, what are you yelling for?"

Hua Shengnan was startled by Wang Yongsan's sudden shout, and there was some displeasure on her face.

Wang Yongsan ignored her but silently chanted, "Extract immediately."

Swipe,

A strange feeling flooded into Wang Yongsan's mind.

In Wang Yongsan's mind, those things he had seen but not paid attention to suddenly appeared in his mind.

Wang Yongsan smiled confidently.

Those seemingly seamless evidences were actually full of doubts.

"Officer Hua, have you ever thought that Liu Yaoting was injected with drugs at home, and the shooting angle in the video was obviously inside her house. Why is that?" Wang Yongsan asked with a mischievous smile.

"Why?" Hua Shengnan replied casually.

Wang Yongsan said with a smile, "It's obvious that someone knew she was going to inject drugs in advance, so they installed a pinhole camera in her house beforehand."

"Ah? It seems to be the case."

Hua Shengnan was stunned for a moment.

She only saw the solid evidence, but she never thought about how these evidences came from or why there were such evidences.

Wang Yongsan continued, "Also, I asked Liu sister-in-law and she said that she didn't know these things were deadly poisons. She just wanted to inject estrogen into the deceased."

"She wanted to buy estrogen, but someone gave her something strange that could cause death."

"When she was injecting things, someone deliberately recorded a video for her."

"To sum up, can I think that someone took advantage of Liu sister-in-law's ignorance and set a trap for her, making her fall into the trap of murder?"








Everything Wang Yongsan said made sense, and Hua Shengnan was even more unsure whether her previous judgment was correct.

"But what you said are all speculations, while the video is real evidence." Hua Shengnan was still clinging on to her point stubbornly.

Wang Yongsan shook his head.

"To tell you the truth, Officer Hua, today is Liu sister-in-law's wedding day. She got married because someone threatened her with the video in your hand. What do you think about that?"

"This..."

Hua Shengnan hesitated, "Are you trying to say that everything was designed by the person who forced her to marry?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head again.

Now that he used the logical ability, his thinking was much more precise than an ordinary person's, including his ability to read people's expressions and psychology.

If Li Biaozi was the mastermind, he would never have handed over the things after being beaten up, because this was something that could be related to his murder.

But the person behind this incident must know Li Biaozi, and he was a breakthrough point.

"We need to go out and look for clues. We won't find any clues just by sitting here and looking at it."

Wang Yongsan's expression was calm and focused.

Hua Shengnan always thought that Wang Yongsan was a ruffian and a scoundrel, but looking at his focused and intelligent appearance now, her heart couldn't help but beat faster.

Wang Yongsan was thinking about the case and didn't notice Hua Shengnan's abnormality.


Chapter 137:
He stood there, one hand under his chin, pondering: "Firstly, we can go to Sister Liu's house to take a look; there might be fingerprints on the pinhole camera."

"Secondly, we need to find the person who sold her the medicine."

"Sister Liu said she bought it at a hospital, so we need to conduct an in-depth investigation on the person responsible for selling it."

"As for Li Biaozi, we'll put him aside for now. If it doesn't work out, I'll go talk to him again."

When dealing with Li Biaozi, getting a 100% honest confession might require hypnosis.

This is a superpower, and Wang Yongsan doesn't want to use it unless absolutely necessary.

"Officer Hua, did you understand what I said?" After Wang Yongsan finished speaking, he suddenly asked Hua Shengnan.

"Huh? What did you say?" Hua Shengnan blushed and panted.

Wang Yongsan was speechless, sighing: "I said, Officer Hua, you should send someone to investigate the person selling medicine. There's a 90% chance we can find clues from him."

Hua Shengnan was furious when she was called a love-struck fool.

"Who are you calling a love-struck fool? Can't you find someone yourself?"

Wang Yongsan was truly defeated by her pig-headedness.

"Officer Hua, you're a police officer; you have the authority to investigate others. If I were to find someone myself, what if they ignored me?"

Hua Shengnan was left speechless.

She wanted to get angry, but she had no grounds for it; that was the most infuriating part.

Hua Shengnan screamed twice, grabbed the internal line phone on the table, and dialed a number.

"Hello, send someone to Sister Liu Ya's place to bring back the pinhole camera in her bedroom for inspection. Also, send a team to arrest the person who sold her the medicine; I'm going to interrogate him until he dies."

Hua Shengnan had been so oppressed for the past two days that she couldn't release her anger, and it finally erupted on the phone.

Wang Yongsan stopped her: "Wait a moment."

"What do you want now?" Hua Shengnan's eyes turned red.

This maliciously slandering man, this murderer, this violent maniac, actually had better detective instincts than her.

She had been investigating the case for three weeks, and just when it was about to be wrapped up, he pointed out problems everywhere; what a bastard.

Logical reasoning was indeed a good thing. Seeing Hua Shengnan's reaction, Wang Yongsan guessed that she was angry because she couldn't accept his superiority.

He laughed, remaining calm: "Officer Hua, the hospital staff work in shifts. If we go to arrest someone now and they're not on duty, wouldn't that alert the suspect? If he escapes out of fear, it would be a waste of our time and effort."

The task had only three days, and now half a day had passed.

If the suspect really fled out of guilt, it would be impossible to catch him within three days.

"Then what do you suggest?" Hua Shengnan was already struggling to think clearly, and now that she was angry, she couldn't come up with any ideas.

Wang Yongsan said: "Why don't we do this? You pretend to be a patient and get admitted, then we can act accordingly."

Hua Shengnan asked: "Why do I have to pretend to be a patient? Can't you pretend to be one too?"

Wang Yongsan chuckled: "Because you're a woman. If we want to buy estrogen, how can we say it's for me, a man? I don't need that."


Chapter 138:
"You have a point. "

Flower Shengnan nodded her head.

It took quite some time before she reacted, realizing that Wang Yongsan was saying she had no feminine charm.

"You, surnamed Wang, I'll castrate you!"

...

Sun Yat-sen Hospital.

A third-rate private hospital in Longtai City.

On the third floor of the ward, Flower Shengnan pretended to be dizzy and admitted to the hospital, while Wang Yongsan played her younger brother to accompany her.

Normally, a simple dizziness wouldn't require hospitalization, and even if it persisted, not even the best hospitals in the world could always pinpoint the cause.

The brain has always been one of the most challenging areas in medicine to conquer.

However, this small hospital was eager for money and not only admitted the patient but also prescribed expensive medications, which made Flower Shengnan want to grab the doctor and accuse him of fraud on the spot.

Fortunately, Wang Yongsan held her back.

"These hospitals are all about making money; they don't care about human lives, and no one cares about it."

Lying on the hospital bed, Flower Shengnan was still thinking about these matters.

Wang Yongsan said, "You're a police officer, and you can't even handle it; how could ordinary people like us manage? The leaders at the top receive taxes and bribes, so who would bother to care about this?"

Flower Shengnan glared with resentment and said, "When I become a big official in the future, I will definitely clean up these bastards thoroughly."

Wang Yongsan chuckled, "Then you have to cooperate with me well; otherwise, with your brain, even solving a murder case can lead you to the wrong culprit. With such skills, who would dare let you become a big official?"

Wang Yongsan thought that Flower Shengnan would fly into a rage when she heard his mockery.

However, this time, Flower Shengnan did not explode as expected; instead, she nodded seriously as if considering his words.

"You're right. Over the years, although I have solved many cases, there have been more instances where I mistakenly arrested innocent people. If you can help me find the real murderer this time, I will let bygones be bygones regarding all the things you've done to annoy me in the past."

Flower Shengnan looked quite serious.

Wang Yongsan snickered, "So you have to cooperate with me well; otherwise, with your brain, even solving a murder case can lead you to the wrong culprit. With such skills, who would dare let you become a big official?"

Wang Yongsan thought that Flower Shengnan would fly into a rage when she heard his mockery.

However, this time, Flower Shengnan did not explode as expected; instead, she nodded seriously as if considering his words.

"You're right. Over the years, although I have solved many cases, there have been more instances where I mistakenly arrested innocent people. If you can help me find the real murderer this time, I will let bygones be bygones regarding all the things you've done to annoy me in the past."

Flower Shengnan looked quite serious.

Wang Yongsan snickered, "So you have to cooperate with me well; otherwise, with your brain, even solving a murder case can lead you to the wrong culprit. With such skills, who would dare let you become a big official?"

Wang Yongsan thought that Flower Shengnan would fly into a rage when she heard his mockery.

However, this time, Flower Shengnan did not explode as expected; instead, she nodded seriously as if considering his words.

"You're right. Over the years, although I have solved many cases, there have been more instances where I mistakenly arrested innocent people. If you can help me find the real murderer this time, I will let bygones be bygones regarding all the things you've done to annoy me in the past."

Flower Shengnan looked quite serious.

Wang Yongsan snickered, "So you have to cooperate with me well; otherwise, with your brain, even solving a murder case can lead you to the wrong culprit. With such skills, who would dare let you become a big official?"

Wang Yongsan thought that Flower Shengnan would fly into a rage when she heard his mockery.

However, this time, Flower Shengnan did not explode as expected; instead, she nodded seriously as if considering his words.

"You're right. Over the years, although I have solved many cases, there have been more instances where I mistakenly arrested innocent people. If you can help me find the real murderer this time, I will let bygones be bygones regarding all the things you've done to annoy me in the past."

Flower Shengnan looked quite serious.

Wang Yongsan snickered, "So you have to cooperate with me well; otherwise, with your brain, even solving a murder case can lead you to the wrong culprit. With such skills, who would dare let you become a big official?"

Wang Yongsan thought that Flower Shengnan would fly into a rage when she heard his mockery.

However, this time, Flower Shengnan did not explode as expected; instead, she nodded seriously as if considering his words.

"You're right. Over the years, although I have solved many cases, there have been more instances where I mistakenly arrested innocent people. If you can help me find the real murderer this time, I will let bygones be bygones regarding all the things you've done to annoy me in the past."

Flower Shengnan looked quite serious.

Wang Yongsan snickered, "So you have to cooperate with me well; otherwise, with your brain, even solving a murder case can lead you to the wrong culprit. With such skills, who would dare let you become a big official?"

Wang Yongsan thought that Flower Shengnan would fly into a rage when she heard his mockery.

However, this time, Flower Shengnan did not explode as expected; instead, she nodded seriously as if considering his words.

"You're right. Over the years, although I have solved many cases, there have been more instances where I mistakenly arrested innocent people. If you can help me find the real murderer this time, I will let bygones be bygones regarding all the things you've done to annoy me in the past."

Flower Shengnan looked quite serious.

Wang Yongsan snickered, "So you have to cooperate with me well; otherwise, with your brain, even solving a murder case can lead you to the wrong culprit. With such skills, who would dare let you become a big official?"

Wang Yongsan thought that Flower


Chapter 139:
```
“Really?”

“I, Hua Shengnan, always keep my word.”

Wang Yongsan chuckled and took out a pen and paper: “In that case, let’s write down an agreement first. That way you won’t be able to deny it later on.”

“You…”

Hua Shengnan wished she could grind Wang Yongsan into dust.

The agreement was written down.

Hua Shengnan signed it and asked Wang Yongsan, “Is that enough now? Hurry up and find a way to locate the person. I’ve already wasted half a day here, and I don’t have time to keep playing around with you.”

“Don’t worry, leave it to me.” Wang Yongsan patted his chest confidently.

With the logic ability, his thinking speed had increased several times over.

Before coming to the hospital, Wang Yongsan had already thought of a plan on how to proceed.

“Extract the ability, Ear of the Wind.”

In his mind, he silently uttered these words. In the next moment, Wang Yongsan’s ears became incredibly sensitive to sound.

It wasn’t that the volume suddenly increased.

Under the effect of Ear of the Wind, sounds that were originally loud remained at their original volume. However, those subtle sounds that most people couldn’t hear were now magnified countless times, as if they were being played right next to Wang Yongsan’s ear.

Moreover,

These sounds not only increased in volume but were also incredibly clear, without the chaotic feeling of multiple sounds overlapping.

Wang Yongsan closed his eyes and focused his hearing on the room next door.

Instantly, all he could hear was the sounds from that room, while other sounds were blocked out.

“Mom, you must get better. I’ve already lost my father; I can’t lose you too.”

“Silly child, I’m already in my eighties; it’s time for me to grow old. Listen to mom, let’s not stay in the hospital. Keep this money; we need it for Xuuxu’s future house.”

“No, mom, Xuuxu is still young; we’ll worry about the future later. You mustn’t give up on your treatment.”

“Ah…”

Wang Yongsan felt a twinge in his nose.

Old age, sickness, and death are part of life; no one can escape them.

However, precisely because humans are so insignificant in the face of death, when others are nearing their end, most people can’t help but feel a sense of shared sorrow.

Wang Yongsan withdrew the Ear of the Wind ability.

He had only tested it out earlier, and now he aimed it at a specific direction once again, spreading its hearing ability outward.

Last time Liu Yating came to buy medicine, she didn’t notice who was selling it.

Wang Yongsan found out from the work schedule and the list of staff on duty that the person who was working that day was a woman named Xu LiLi, who was thirty years old.

At this moment, his Ear of the Wind was focused on the medicine dispensing area.

After about ten minutes,

“Xiao Sun, I’m here to take over your shift.”

“Finally off work! Goodbye, LiLi sister.”

“Goodbye.”

Xu LiLi was working the four o’clock shift today.

Wang Yongsan’s first step was to monitor the situation of this person named Xu LiLi.

Xu LiLi was responsible for giving medicine to patients, but she might not know that there was a problem with the medicine given to Liu Yating. If Wang Yongsan went straight up to her and asked about it, apart from worrying that he might alert the enemy, there was also a chance of wasting his hypnotic ability.

Sure enough, Xu LiLi seemed to really not know anything about it.
```


Chapter 140:
```
Wang Yongsan listened for a long time, and this woman was just normally giving medicine to people, seemingly without any abnormalities.

"It doesn't seem like her. Why don't we try eavesdropping on the situation inside the department?"

Since the problematic medicine was placed here, if it wasn't Xu Lili who put it there, it could only be the person who supplied the medicine.

Wang Yongsan decided to stop eavesdropping on Xu Lili and focus on the department instead, hoping to find some clues from the person who supplied the medicine.

At that moment, a man's voice sounded.

"Lili baby, have you missed me?"

Wang Yongsan immediately became alert.

"Fuck, this voice sounds so lewd. Could it be that something inappropriate for minors is about to happen?"

"Anyway, there's still some time left. Why don't we listen in a bit more? Maybe we can hear something important."

Wang Yongsan found excuses for himself, but he didn't expect that listening in would actually yield useful information.

"Nan Ge, you're so bad."

"Hahaha, if a man isn't bad, how can he attract a married woman like you?"

"Ah, don't mention him again, or I won't talk to you."

"Okay, okay, I won't mention him. By the way, did you distribute those two bottles of medicine I gave you yesterday?"

When Wang Yongsan heard this, his expression tightened.

Sure enough, Liu Yaoting's medicine had been replaced by someone else.

Wang Yongsan wished he could rush down and catch the culprit immediately, forcing them to reveal what he wanted to know. However, the conversation in the medicine room continued, so he had no choice but to continue eavesdropping.

Xu Lili's triumphant voice rang out: "Don't worry, both bottles of medicine have been distributed."

"What about their information? Did you leave their ID numbers?"

Nan Ge's voice sounded a bit excited.

Xu Lili asked, "Why do you need their ID numbers?"

"That's none of your business. Just give them to me; I have an urgent need for them."

Nan Ge impatiently asked.

Wang Yongsan activated his logical reasoning and instantly understood why the culprit wanted the ID numbers.

With an ID number, one could inquire through the household registration department about the home address of the person who bought the medicine. Then, Nan Ge's people would go to the buyer's home and install a pinhole camera.

It seemed that Nan Ge was the real murderer.

Wang Yongsan suddenly opened his eyes wide.

"Ah!!!"

A scream from ahead made him jump.

"What are you doing? Close your eyes quickly!"

Wang Yongsan was stunned for a moment, his eyes fixedly staring ahead.

At that moment, Hua Shengnan was only wearing a set of underwear and trousers, holding her police uniform trousers in her hand, ready to put them on.

Her perfect figure was fully displayed before Wang Yongsan's eyes.

"Ah, sorry, Officer Hua. I didn't mean to look at you on purpose." Wang Yongsan quickly apologized, but his eyes remained fixedly staring at Hua Shengnan.

"Damn it, close your eyes quickly!"

Seeing that Wang Yongsan just spoke but didn't close his eyes, Hua Shengnan was about to hate him to death.

She had never been looked at like this by a man before, even when swimming she always wore conservative swimwear.

Last time, to resolve the controversy of a forced rape in the interrogation room, she had made up her mind and let Wang Yongsan see her wearing underwear. But that was only half of it; the upper part was still fully clothed.
```


Chapter 141:
However, this time, everything from top to bottom has been seen.








Just now, Hua Shengnan saw Wang Yongsan suddenly close his eyes and stop talking. Moreover, he had been sitting for more than half an hour. Hua Shengnan thought that he had fallen asleep.

Hua Shengnan tried to call out several times, but at that time, Wang Yongsan had closed the surrounding sounds for perfect eavesdropping. As a result, Hua Shengnan called out several times without Wang Yongsan hearing her.

Hua Shengnan cursed him for being a lazy donkey, unwilling to waste time waiting for Wang Yongsan to wake up. She planned to change her clothes and use her own methods to investigate the case below.

Unexpectedly, as soon as Hua Shengnan took off her clothes and was about to change into the police uniform she brought, Wang Yongsan suddenly opened his eyes.

"Bastard, are you going to close your eyes or not? Do you believe I'll arrest you as a pervert?"

Hua Shengnan's voice lacked confidence.

After all, facing a non-boyfriend guy like this, no decent woman could remain calm.

Wang Yongsan didn't believe she would arrest him.

However, Wang Yongsan was a righteous person. He could occasionally make flirtatious remarks, but he couldn't do something as perverted as molesting women.

Although this was caused by Hua Shengnan's mistake, Wang Yongsan still apologized and closed his eyes.

"I'm sorry, Officer Hua."

"If 'I'm sorry' was useful, what would be the point of having us police?"

"Uh..."

Hua Shengnan quickly put on her pants and then hurriedly wore her shirt as well.

Wang Yongsan's ability to hear from afar could tell that Hua Shengnan had fastened her clothes, but just to be safe, he still asked, "Officer Hua, can I open my eyes now?"

"Hmph."

Hua Shengnan did not object.

Wang Yongsan slowly opened his eyes and looked at Hua Shengnan, who was fuming with anger. He apologized, "I'm sorry, Officer Hua. I didn't know you were changing clothes. I didn't mean to see you like that."

"You still say?"

Hua Shengnan glared at him.

She had already prepared to swallow this bitter pill, but Wang Yongsan actually brought up the topic she didn't want to discuss.

Wang Yongsan scratched his head, thinking it was better not to cause any more trouble. There was no need to explain the facts since she wasn't blaming him.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan couldn't explain the matter of his ability to hear from afar.

"Right."

Wang Yongsan shouted, "Let's hurry up and go."

Hua Shengnan replied sarcastically, "Go? Where to? Haven't you woken up yet?"

Wang Yongsan stood up and pulled Hua Shengnan's hand to run outside.

Hua Shengnan was not used to being held by a guy, so she tried to break free. However, she was surprised to find that Wang Yongsan's strength was unusually strong, like an iron ring tightly gripping her injured hand, making it impossible to escape.

"Damn bastard, what do you want?"

Hua Shengnan became anxious. She thought that this guy was stimulated by the scene he saw just now and wanted to do something indescribable.

While pulling Hua Shengnan to run, Wang Yongsan explained, "Don't move. I'll take you to find the murderer."

"Murderer?"

Hua Shengnan was stunned for a moment: "Do you know who the murderer is? How do you know? Did you dream about it?"

</div>


Chapter 142:
Wang Yongsan didn't want to answer so many questions and simply replied with a grunt from his throat: "Mm."

Huashannv didn't believe that Wang Yongsan could dream of who the murderer was.

She struggled fiercely, unwilling to let Wang Yongsan drag her away.

Her movements affected Wang Yongsan's speed, so he simply pulled and dragged her, eventually picking her up and running downstairs.

"Smelly brute, let me go! I'll kill you!"

Huashannv was almost dying of shame.

She was currently wearing a police uniform, being carried by a man running downstairs; if anyone saw her, it would ruin both her and the police's image.

Wang Yongsan couldn't care less about these concerns.

Just now, Nan Ge had asked Xu Lili for the ID number of the person who bought medicine yesterday. It had already been three or four minutes, and if he didn't hurry down, the person might leave and be difficult to track.

"Shut up!"

Wang Yongsan was annoyed by the noise and explained while running: "I really found the murderer; you can see for yourself when we get there."

With twelve points of stamina, even carrying someone, he ran like the wind.

Wang Yongsan quickly arrived at the medicine pick-up point.

He put Huashannv down on the ground and rushed into the pick-up window. Only Xu Lili was left inside, with no sign of Nan Ge anywhere.

"Hey, are you picking up medicine or not? If you're not, then pull your head back in; it looks like a turtle sticking its head out to look around. What are you looking at?" Xu Lili shouted angrily at Wang Yongsan.

She had been having an affair with Nan Ge, and she thought he would come this time to be intimate with her, even if it was just a little affection.

Who knew that Nan Ge would leave after getting the ID number? Xu Lili was unsatisfied, and she wasn't happy.

"Xu Lili, right? I ask you, where did that man just go?" Wang Yongsan asked urgently.

Xu Lili replied sarcastically, "Which man are you talking about? There are so many people picking up medicine here; how would I know where they went?"

Wang Yongsan said coldly, "That's your Nan Ge. He asked you to sell fake medicine to patients because he wanted you to help him kill someone. If you don't want to be considered an accomplice, then give him up."

"Ah?"

Xu Lili was startled.

She knew that the medicine Nan Ge asked her to replace must be problematic, but she didn't expect it to be lethal medicine.

She had already helped Nan Ge replace the medicine three times, selling it to six people in total. If those medicines were indeed lethal, it would be too late to regret now.

"No, I don't know what you're talking about? I don't know any Nan Ge."

Xu Lili's face was pale, and her voice trembled.

Right now, she only had one thought in her mind: not to let others know that she helped Nan Ge distribute fake medicine. Even if Nan Ge admitted it, she wouldn't admit it.

Anyway, their agreement was only verbal, and Nan Ge didn't have any evidence of her.

Huashannv had been carried by Wang Yongsan during their run, and her heart rate increased. Now it finally calmed down.

Hearing Wang Yongsan's conversation with Xu Lili, Huashannv immediately understood what was going on.


Chapter 143:
She pulled Wang Yong three steps back, blocking the way in front of him and asked sternly: "Is your name Xu Lili? I am Huashan Nv from the criminal police team. I know you may have been deceived by others. Now I give you a chance. As long as you cooperate with us and find the murderer who uses poison to kill people, I can help you apply for meritorious service. I hope you will not be stubborn and cause irreparable consequences in the end."

"No, I really didn't sell fake medicine. I don't know Nan Ge either. You have the wrong person."

Huashan Nv said all clichés, which were not convincing at all. Xu Lili made up her mind not to admit it, and she had no choice.

"Let me ask."

Wang Yong three volunteered to go forward.

Huashan Nv said impatiently, "she won't say anything when I ask her. What can you do?"

Wang Yong three was anxious to find someone and had no mood to argue with her.

He said gently, "you have no way anyway. Why don't you let me try? Maybe she will tell me the truth when she sees that I am handsome."








"Hahahaha, you are handsome?"

Huashan Nv sneered disdainfully.

In fact, Wang Yong three is a little handsome, but Huashan Nv has face blindness and can't see whether a man is handsome or not at all. (Jiong)

Wang Yong three saw this and directly squeezed past her, ignoring Huashan Nv's opposition. With a strange voice, he asked Xu Lili inside: "tell me, where did Nan Ge go?"

Xu Lili, who was originally nervous, slowly calmed down when she heard Wang Yong three's voice.

Her eyes became dull, her whole body relaxed, as if she was half asleep and half awake, or like a sleepwalker.

"I don't know where he went."

Xu Lili's voice was very calm, like a whisper.

Wang Yong three frowned: "then do you know how to contact him?"

Xu Lili said, "I know."

"How to contact him?"

"I have his phone number."

Wang Yong three breathed a sigh of relief. What he was most worried about was that Nan Ge was just using Xu Lili. When he came to see her when he needed it, and when he didn't need it, the other party couldn't find him.

Since there is a phone number, that's easy to handle.

"You call him and say that there is an ID number wrong, so he must come back immediately."

"Okay."

Xu Lili mechanically took out her mobile phone and dialed Nan Ge's number.

Huashan Nv next to her was surprised that her eyes were about to fall out: "how did you do it?"

Wang Yong three said proudly, "didn't I tell you? Because I am handsome."

"Quack."

Huashan Nv despised it.

But she secretly remembered in her heart that this guy was the legendary handsome man after all.

Moreover, the halo of handsome men is also true. Some flower girls see handsome men and really lose their mind. (Jiong)

The phone is connected.

Xu Lili said on the phone, "Nan Ge, the ID number you gave you is wrong. You come back and I will give you another one."

"Ah, why is it so troublesome? If it's just the ID number that's wrong, you can tell me directly on the phone?"

The man on the phone was a little irritable.


Chapter 144:
Xu Lili was hypnotized, and her tone was wooden: “No, you said that it’s not safe to talk on the phone. I will only tell you when I see you in person.”

Nan Ge was exasperated by her, and he had no choice but to agree.

“Okay, okay, I’ll go back right now. Wait for me for a while; I’ll be there soon,” he said before hanging up the phone.

Wang Yongsan immediately broke the hypnotic effect.

In just three minutes of hypnotizing Xu Lili, he had consumed 30% of his mental power. On average, one minute of hypnosis drained three points of mental power—three times more than invisibility.

Wang Yongsan massaged his head, which was slightly dizzy from the mental power consumption. He called out to Hua Shengnan: “Officer Hua, since you’re in uniform, don’t let anyone see you. We should hide in a corner to avoid alarming the suspect.”

Hua Shengnan could still be somewhat serious when handling cases. She didn’t mind Wang Yongsan’s commanding tone and followed him to hide in a nearby corner.

Nan Ge had left for five minutes before returning, taking another five minutes to come back. Wang Yongsan and Hua Shengnan didn’t have to wait long before they saw a man hurriedly running into the hospital from outside.

While others wait at the window for their medicine, this man directly knocked on the door of the dispensing area, clearly wanting to enter.

“Is it him?” Hua Shengnan’s fist clenched.

Wang Yongsan comforted her: “Don’t worry, let me listen first.”

He activated his ability to hear from afar and targeted the dispensing area in front of him.

At that moment, Xu Lili hadn’t realized she had been hypnotized. She was only puzzled about why those two policemen who were questioning her just disappeared in the blink of an eye. She thought it was a dream and felt somewhat scared afterward.

Suddenly, Nan Ge knocked on her door.

“Nan Ge…” Xu Lili subconsciously showed a happy expression on her face.

However, immediately after that, she remembered what had happened earlier. Nan Ge might be using her to exchange medicine for killing someone. She had already given him the ID numbers of those people, so why did he come back?

Xu Lili didn’t know what happened after being hypnotized.

“What are you hesitating about? Open the door quickly!” Nan Ge saw that Xu Lili was just sitting there, not opening the door for him, and his face grew somewhat unhappy.

But in Xu Lili’s eyes, Nan Ge’s eyes seemed to have murderous intent.

Is he going to kill me and silence me?

Xu Lili’s face turned pale: “Nan Ge, what do you want to do?”

“What do I want to do? You said the ID number was wrong, so I hurried back, didn’t you?” Nan Ge was confused.

Xu Lili felt cold all over. Since she hadn’t said for him to come back, Nan Ge’s words indicated that he really had intentions of killing her.

“Save…” Xu Lili became more and more afraid, just about to shout for help when a man’s voice suddenly came from outside the medicine dispensing window.

“There’s no need to shout.”

Wang Yongsan and Hua Shengnan quickly rushed to Nan Ge’s side, standing on either side of him.

When Xu Lili saw it was the policemen from before, she immediately shouted: “Comrade police, I’ll confess everything. It’s this man who deceived me; I didn’t know those pills were poisonous for killing people.”


Chapter 145:
Flower Shengnan nodded at her: “Very good. However, you will need to testify when the time comes. If the facts are true, I will apply for a reduction in your sentence.”

“Thank you, thank you, officer.”

Xu Lili was overwhelmed with gratitude.

Discovered, Nan Ge became furious and cursed at Xu Lili: “Bitch, you dare betray me.”

Xu Lili retorted with red eyes: “You're the bitch. If I don't betray you, you would kill me to silence me sooner or later.”

Nan Ge was stunned for a moment. He had indeed thought about killing Xu Lili to silence her, but not now. Instead, he planned to do it after completing the task assigned by his superiors.

Unexpectedly, this seemingly simple-minded woman had seen through his inner thoughts.

Nan Ge didn't know that everything was actually a misunderstanding.

His wrist flipped, and a spring-loaded knife appeared in his hand as he gestured towards Wang Yongsan and Flower Shengnan: “Officers, I know it's your duty, but how much does one earn as a cop? It's not suitable to be so dedicated.”

“Haha, dedicated?” Flower Shengnan sneered coldly.

Wang Yongsan completely disregarded Nan Ge, ready to arrest him without hesitation, when he saw Flower Shengnan suddenly draw a gun from her waist.

*Swish*

She had directly pulled out her firearm.

“Do you still think I'm being dedicated now?” Flower Shengnan looked at Nan Ge as if he were a clown.

Nan! Ma!

Nan Ge never imagined that these two police officers, one who seemed like they hadn't even graduated from the police academy and another who was a seemingly vase-like female officer, would be armed with guns.

A spring-loaded knife against a gun—how could he possibly win?

With the muzzle of the gun pointing at his forehead, Nan Ge was on the verge of tears.

Flower Shengnan shouted at him: “Drop the knife!”

*Clang*

The spring-loaded knife fell to the ground.

“Put handcuffs on him!”

This time, Flower Shengnan spoke to Wang Yongsan while handing him her own handcuffs.

Wang Yongsan was no stranger to these devices; he had been cuffed by Flower Shengnan before and knew how to use them.

He took the handcuffs and prepared to approach Nan Ge.

Seeing Wang Yongsan coming towards him without any precautions, Nan Ge's eyes lit up.

“Come here!”

He suddenly reached out and grabbed Wang Yongsan's neck, thinking that by holding the young officer hostage, he would have a chance to escape.

However…

Why did this guy's neck feel like tree bark, completely ungrabbable?








Wang Yongsan currently had a constitution of 12, which meant his body might be stronger than that of an ox.

A person trying to grab the neck of an ox—could he possibly subdue it?

That was a joke.

Nan Ge tried to grab Wang Yongsan's wrist again, but all he got was an exasperated sigh from Wang Yongsan.

“Sigh, why not just surrender quietly? Why try to resist? Don't you know that I am the most intolerant of evil deeds?”

Wang Yongsan's tone turned cold, and as he spoke, his right hand had already grabbed Nan Ge's wrist.

*Crack*

“Aaaaaaah!”

The entire hospital lobby was filled with the screams of a slaughtered pig.

People around had witnessed what happened and some were secretly recording the scene with their phones.

</div>


Chapter 146:
These people, seeing Wang Yongsan's methods, were all shivering with fear. Even from a distance, they could feel their wrists hurting.

However, since the police had already drawn their guns, it was clear that the criminals on the other side were at least serious offenders. The fact that the police dared to use such force against them made these people feel more at ease.

"Hey," said Hua Shengnan, glaring and exasperated, "Don't cause any trouble, okay?"

Wang Yongsan sighed and said, "He was the one who resisted. If I don't subdue him, what if he attacks me again?"

"You..." Hua Shengnan had no comeback, as Wang Yongsan's words made sense.

Chen Nan was still wailing in pain.

Wang Yongsan glared at him and said, "Be quiet!"

Immediately, Chen Nan stopped his loud cries.

"Hospital grounds are no place for noise. If you make any more commotion, I won't hesitate to tear your mouth apart." Wang Yongsan said coldly, intimidating Chen Nan.

Chen Nan was now terrified of this man. The thick skin on his neck felt like bark, and the strength in his hands could crush Chen Nan's bones. Was this guy even human?

Chen Nan remembered his "boss," who was also a terrifying figure.

Could it be that they were from the same group?

"Officer, can we talk in private for a moment?" Chen Nan endured the pain and said to Wang Yongsan.

"In private?" Wang Yongsan chuckled. With his enhanced logical thinking, he could see from Chen Nan's expression that the man wanted to negotiate some kind of deal.

"Alright, follow me." Wang Yongsan led the group towards a corner.

Hua Shengnan objected, blocking their path and saying, "Hey, why are you taking him away?"

Wang Yongsan grinned and said, "Because I'm the leader this time, and you're just a sidekick. You have to listen to me."

"I don't care. What if you two are planning some shady deal? I want to come along too!"

"This is an order."

"I won't listen, I won't listen, I won't listen..."

"Fine, if that's the case, then come along too." Wang Yongsan relented.

Chen Nan frowned and said, "Brother..."

Wang Yongsan's expression changed, and he coldly asked, "Who are you calling brother?"

Then his voice took on an otherworldly tone.

"Follow me."

"Yes, sir."

Chen Nan seemed entranced and followed Wang Yongsan like a puppet towards an empty corner.

Hua Shengnan, seeing this strange behavior, felt confused.

She thought to herself: Could it be that the rumored handsome guy can also mesmerize men?

The three of them reached the corner.

Wang Yongsan and Hua Shengnan took turns asking questions.

"What's your name?"

"Chen Nan."

"Did you kill Liang Bin?"

"Yes."

"Why did you kill him?"

"It was an accident."

Chen Nan's voice sounded dull as he explained, "The person who bought the drugs was a woman, so Rui LiLi gave her female medication. However, that woman injected it into her boyfriend, which led to his death."

So this was the case.

Wang Yongsan had overheard through his enhanced hearing that this man had used Rui LiLi to distribute drugs several times, but he hadn't heard of many deaths.

It seemed that not everyone who took the drugs would die; only those who used them incorrectly would meet their end.


Chapter 147:
"What kind of medicine is that? Why did you secretly give it to others? And why did you install cameras to monitor them?" Wang Yongsan asked three questions in a row.

Chen Nan was still unhurried, answering with a voice like a dream: "This is an experimental gene medicine. The boss instructed us to distribute the medicine, then secretly monitor the users and observe their reactions."

"What do you mean? This isn't just something you're doing alone, right? And who is your boss?"

The more questions Wang Yongsan asked, the more dizzy his head became.

He couldn't help but furrow his brows and urge, "Answer quickly."

"Yes."

Chen Nan responded, with a significantly faster speech pace.

"Our boss is very mysterious; we only know that he's a member of the Blood Skull. There are some others involved in this, but we don't meet each other face-to-face. Even the person who installs the cameras and monitors is someone else entirely."

"I only distribute the medicine and collect information about the users."

"That's all I know."

Now everything became clear.

These people were actually using living beings as test subjects for potentially lethal drug experiments without their knowledge, which was truly evil.

Wang Yongsan opened the attribute panel; the task displayed there was still ongoing.

It was clear that capturing just Chen Nan wouldn't complete the task. To finish it, he might have to arrest all participants involved.

"One last question: how do I contact your boss?"

Chen Nan replied, "Our boss will be waiting for me at the Lingyun Clubhouse, room 333, at eight thirty tonight. You can go there to find him."

Wang Yongsan's head was throbbing badly; he wouldn't be able to hold on much longer without fainting again.

He broke the hypnosis.

Chen Nan, who was still dazed, woke up and blinked his eyes, looking at Chen Nan and then Hua Shengnan.

In his memory, he had just been dazed for a moment before waking up again. But when did he walk over here?

"Alright, you can talk now. What was it that you wanted to discuss with me?" Wang Yongsan asked while thinking through many things.

Chen Nan gave up on trying to recall what had happened and stammered, "Officer, are you a cyborg?"

"A cyborg?"

Wang Yongsan remained expressionless: "That's not something you need to know; just say what you should."

"Yes, yes, yes."

Seeing Wang Yongsan's expression, Chen Nan felt sure that he was indeed a cyborg.

So with a look of delight, he said, "Our boss is also a cyborg; just like you, he has thick skin and flesh, along with some strange abilities—all caused by the gene medicine."

"Our boss said that cyborgs like you aren't recognized now, and if someone finds out about you, they'll be captured for research."

"So, brother, if you're worried about being discovered, why not… join us?"

Cyborgs are the unstable result of half-finished gene medicine, different from normal gene evolutionaries. Due to some special reasons, the country is indeed capturing cyborgs; once caught, there's no escape.


Chapter 148:
So Chen Nan had absolute confidence that Wang Yongsan would agree to his invitation in order to avoid being used as a guinea pig for research.




Chapter 65: The Man Behind the Scenes

Wang Yongsan was certainly not a cyborg, although his physique was formidable and he could use his abilities. However, from the outside, he looked no different from some martial artists.

If he were to be captured like this, all martial artists would have to be captured as well.

However, Wang Yongsan reasoned through his logical ability that it was not yet time to capture Chen Nan, otherwise there might be a risk of alarming the boss above him.

He had originally planned to keep the other part

y in check, so he nodded cooperatively.

"You're right, I am a cyborg. I agree to join you."

"Really?" Chen Nan could not contain his joy.

If Wang Yongsan agreed to join, he would have an insider and would not be captured.

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Yes, I am also afraid of being captured and used as a guinea pig for experiments. So when you meet your boss, be sure to recommend me."

"Don't worry, don't worry, I'll take care of it."

Chen Nan laughed heartily, and even his broken wrist didn't hurt anymore.

Suddenly, his laughter stopped abruptly.

Chen Nan stared at Hua Shengnan with a sinister expression: "Brother, when I said let's talk in private just now, it was to discuss this matter. Your identity cannot be known by outsiders, but that female police officer..."

Chen Nan's gaze became somewhat unruly.

Hua Shengnan was too beautiful, not to mention her explosive figure and genuine police uniform.

Although she had a gun in her hand, he had a cyborg by his side, and cyborgs were not afraid of guns.

If he could bring this little vixen back, the feeling would probably be indescribably pleasurable.

"What are you looking at? Do you want to lose your eyes?"

Hua Shengnan's explosive temper could not tolerate a villain looking at her like that.

She had originally wanted to question Wang Yongsan about whether the cyborg thing was true. Since this matter was handled by a special department, ordinary people did not know about it, and Hua Shengnan had never heard of cyborgs either.

But after being looked at by Chen Nan's naked gaze, she couldn't help but want to beat someone first.

"Oh, you mean her? She's also a cyborg." Wang Yongsan's words resolved Chen Nan's trust crisis.

"What did you say?"

Hua Shengnan was about to question when she became a cyborg, but Wang Yongsan gave her a stern look.

Hypnosis could not only be launched through sound, but also through movements, including eye contact.

"Ah, she is too." Chen Nan felt a little disappointed.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Don't forget to recommend us both when the time comes."

"No problem."

Chen Nan straightened his body and looked around, asking, "Since we're all on the same side, can I leave now?"

"Of course. As long as you want to go, you can go at any time. I'm sorry for accidentally breaking your hand this time." Wang Yongsan scratched his head and made an apologetic gesture.

Chen Nan felt like crying but had no tears.

If he knew that these two were also cyborgs, he would have died before resisting them.

It must be known that cyborgs are on par with superheroes.


Chapter 149:
It would be better to break one's wrist than to lose one's life. If the opponent were to strike my head, I might not survive.

Chen Nan hesitated before seeking retribution and bowed with his hands, saying, "Since there's no harm done, I shall take my leave now. We will meet again in the future."

"Indeed, we shall meet again soon."

Wang Yongsan thought to himself that he would eliminate them all tonight, ensuring their inevitable reunion.

With Wang Yongsan gone, Hua Shengnan stomped her foot and asked, "You just let him go like that?"

Wang Yongsan replied matter-of-factly, "If we don't let him go and alert the enemy, what if his boss escapes?"

Hua Shengnan argued, "Why do you trust him so much that everything he said is true?"

"Because I'm handsome." Wang Yongsan's words left Hua Shengnan speechless.

She had never realized that being handsome could have so many benefits, but she had witnessed firsthand how some girls would lose their minds upon seeing a handsome man.

Perhaps there was indeed such power in being handsome.

As a face-blind person, Hua Shengnan had never experienced the feeling of seeing a handsome man and thus could not confirm whether being handsome was truly magical.

It was only 4:30 PM, four hours before Chen Nan would meet his boss.

Having obtained accurate information, Wang Yongsan and Hua Shengnan no longer needed to stay at the hospital. They completed their discharge procedures and left.

At the hospital entrance, Wang Yongsan asked Hua Shengnan, "Officer Hua, since we're going to catch the real murderer tonight, shouldn't you report to your superiors and request some backup?"

The enemy was a cyborg. Through logical analysis, Wang Yongsan deduced that these cyborgs should possess abilities or physical attributes similar to martial artists.

If they were indeed high-level martial artists, Wang Yongsan might not be able to defeat them alone.

However, Hua Shengnan was fearless like a newborn calf. Although she had seen martial artists before, she had never fought one herself and did not understand the terror of a high-level martial artist.

"Do you really need backup when you can fight fifty people alone? What are you afraid of?" Hua Shengnan had witnessed Wang Yongsan killing two and severely injuring fifty-plus people at the Iron Hand Martial Arts School.

"Well, it's better to be prepared." Wang Yongsan was still a bit worried.

Hua Shengnan said, "That might not be necessary. What if there's a spy from the enemy within our police station?"

Wang Yongsan nodded. Given that their line of work involved murder, it was possible for the enemy to have infiltrated the police station.

"Alright then, it'll just be us two, but you must follow my orders during the operation. Otherwise, there might be danger involved." Wang Yongsan genuinely cared for Hua Shengnan's safety, but she perceived his words as belittling her abilities.

"Hmph! I don't need you, this stinky brute, to worry about me. I have a gun; anyone who dares to provoke me will get their head blown off!" Hua Shengnan said this with glaring eyes and gritted teeth directed at Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but feel that she was talking about him.

"Fine, I won't say anything then." The two separated, with Hua Shengnan returning to change out of her police uniform to avoid drawing too much attention and scaring off the murderer.


Chapter 150:
```
Wang Yongsan found a random place to eat and then went to the Lingyun Club early.

Although Chen Nan had agreed with his boss to meet at 8:30, he couldn't rule out the possibility that the other party might arrive first. If time was too tight and he missed the important matter, it would be troublesome.

It was already past 8 o'clock.

Wang Yongsan had been using his Ear of the Wind to eavesdrop on the sounds in Room 333.

Suddenly, there was a sound of the door lock opening.

Two sets of footsteps entered the room one after another.

"Boss, here are the data from the past three days. Please take a look." One of them said respectfully to the other.

The person addressed as "Boss" took the documents and seemed to have glanced through them before speaking: "Not bad, you've done well."

"Thank you for your praise, Boss." The subordinate's voice revealed excitement.

"However..." The Boss's voice dragged on, and the tone became cold: "Explain to me why a video file ended up outside and caught the attention of the police?"

"Huh?" There was a sudden sound of someone kneeling on the ground, followed by the subordinate's fearful plea for mercy: "Boss, spare my life. I was just momentarily confused. Please give me another chance!"

"Opportunities are meant to be seized, not wasted. You...deserve death." As soon as the word "death" left his lips, Wang Yongsan heard a muffled 'thud' and the sound of a heavy object falling to the ground.








Murder had occurred. Wang Yongsan immediately realized that the subordinate who made a mistake was killed by his boss.

The room fell silent.

Wang Yongsan felt that he couldn't wait any longer. What if the boss thought he had killed someone and wanted to leave the scene early?

He stood up and quickly ran upstairs.

"333, this is the room."

Arriving at the door, he found it closed. Wang Yongsan didn't rush in but used his Ear of the Wind to listen for any sounds.

There was breathing, indicating someone hadn't left yet.

"Come in." A command came from inside.

Wang Yongsan was taken aback but quickly realized something, and when he grabbed the doorknob, it wasn't locked.

Wang Yongsan pushed open the door and saw a corpse lying on the floor of the living room as soon as he entered.

On the sofa opposite the corpse, a man was sitting with his entire body covered in a black robe. This appearance was identical to the two men dressed as skeletons who attempted to assassinate Zhu Chang'an on Hongkou Bridge last time.

"Hmm? Who are you?"

"Blood Skull?"

The 'boss' and Wang Yongsan asked simultaneously.

"Hahahaha, knowing I am a member of Blood Skull and daring to come here alone, I'm even more curious about who you are." The man in the black robe wore a patterned mask that covered his entire face.

However, Wang Yongsan's ability to see Qi was not hindered by these obstacles and directly revealed the man's strength.

- Physique 37 points, Intelligence 12 points, and an astonishing lifespan of 160 years?
- Moreover, he had 37 points in Physique but no energy at all.
```


Chapter 151:
"——Having an incredibly strong body and lifespan, but unable to cultivate energy, is this what a cyborg is?

Thirty-seven points of physique; this already makes Wang Yongsan the strongest person he has ever seen.

Although there is no energy, and probably no martial techniques either, the difference in physique is so great that Wang Yongsan isn't even sure if he can defeat this person.

"Tell me, who are you? You have one minute to make me give up on killing you, or else you won't get another chance."

The Blood Skull member was extremely confident.

As one of the internal members of the Blood Skull, he had seen many martial artists and could sense that Wang Yongsan possessed the energy of a martial artist.

However, those martial artists became stronger as they aged, and someone as young as Wang Yongsan, even if he was a martial artist prodigy, would not pose any threat to him.

"I am the one who came to capture you."

At this point, all scheming was futile.

The other party wasn't a fool; after just having killed someone, he couldn't possibly be fooled by Wang Yongsan's words. Asking the question was merely to avoid killing his own comrade by mistake.

Wang Yongsan also had a mission he must complete.

Just half an hour ago, Wang Yongsan had eaten quite a lot, and now the metabolic energy within his body was at its peak, slowly being consumed.

The longer this dragged on, the more disadvantageous it became for Wang Yongsan.

"Oh? The one who came to capture me, interesting."

The Blood Skull member stood up, his mask concealing his expression.

"Since you voluntarily gave up the chance I offered you, don't blame me for being merciless."

As he spoke, the Blood Skull member's body moved.

His physique was 37 points, far surpassing the limits of a human body. With one leap, he was already in front of Wang Yongsan.

*Bam!*

*Crack!*

A punch was thrown, and before Wang Yongsan could even react, he was sent flying to the ground.

"Haha, little guy, you're quite resilient. You didn't even have your head blown up; it's just the beginning though. Let's see how long you can last with this little body of yours."

Wang Yongsan climbed back up from the ground, his facial bones caved in as if someone had dug a hole in his face.

As the Blood Skull member approached him, Wang Yongsan spat out a mouthful of blood and whispered, "Use the three-day trial of Cat's Eye."

Last time when he went to save Luo Yusha, Wang Yongsan had used two Cat's Eye trial cards.

He had used one for a day, and now he was using the other for three days.

Cat's Eye activated.

The movements of the Blood Skull member immediately slowed down.

"Die!"

Another punch was thrown.

This time, Wang Yongsan saw it coming.

The speed of the Blood Skull member's punch was incredibly fast, almost reaching the speed of a normal person, even under the effect of Cat's Eye.

Wang Yongsan barely managed to dodge the attack and, at the same time, punched with his right hand, aiming for the Blood Skull member's ribs.

*Boom!*

It felt like hitting a cowhide; there was no reaction at all.

"Hahaha, little guy, not bad! Not only can you dodge my attacks, but you can also counterattack. However, your punches feel like they're tickling me."

```


Chapter 152:
The Blood Skull member was very proud,  as far as he could see,  Wang Yongsan was just a dough that could be kneaded at will by him.

Wang Yongsan's eyebrows were tightly furrowed.

The guy in front of him was not only much stronger and faster than he had expected,  but also his defense was frighteningly strong.

Now,  not to mention catching the other party,  even breaking through his defense was impossible.

"Hey?  Your face is healing?  Are you also a cyborg? "

The Blood Skull member was stunned for a moment,  but then he said again: "No,  a cyborg's body has defects and cannot cultivate energy.  Who are you? "

"I said I came to catch you. "

Wang Yongsan remained vigilant,  the metabolic energy consumed three tenths to repair the "pit" on his face just now.

If he was hit by the other party again,  he would definitely die in three punches.

"Humph,  you don't know how to treasure when you give it to you.  If it weren't for the fact that you might be my同类,  I wouldn't ask you a second time.  Now that you have provoked me,  even if you are my同类,  I will kill you. "

The Blood Skull member was furious and launched another attack at Wang Yongsan.

Whooosh~

His speed became faster and faster,  so much so that the air was torn apart with a sound.

Wang Yongsan gradually found it more and more difficult to dodge.

However,  at this moment,  a scene that made Wang Yongsan feel very unexpected appeared.

When he dodged the other party's heavy punch,  a gray whip with thorns suddenly flew out from under the other party's black robe and hit his waist fiercely.

This blow was very powerful,  Wang Yongsan was hit and flew horizontally,  colliding with the wall,  spitting out blood and sliding to the ground.

"Hahaha,  didn't expect it,  did you? "

The black robe was lifted up,  revealing the body of the Blood Skull member below,  and behind him was a long lizard tail.

A cyborg is the result of human gene modification.

This Blood Skull member's genes contain some Komodo dragon genes,  making him not only extremely powerful but also incredibly strong in defense.

Of course,  as an unsuccessful semi-finished product,  the cyborg's body will produce some changes in appearance due to the genes used.  However,  normal gene evolutionaries will not have this situation.

But now,  with the current gene technology,  the number of humans who can evolve normally is very small.

"Boy,  how do you plan to dodge now? " The cyborg took a step forward.




Chapter 67:  The Grandfather Saving the Hulu Brothers

As the cyborg approached,  Wang Yongsan continued to retreat.

Before,  the other part

y had already made Wang Yongsan feel overwhelmed with just two hands,  and now there was another tail,  making it even more difficult to defend.

-No good,  I can't defeat him with just the cat eyes.  I need to find a chance to extract his ability first.

-If I had known he was so strong,  I wouldn't have saved the points from dying.

Wang Yongsan was not a miser,  but the points from dying were too important.

He currently had 60 points of death,  and he originally planned to see the situation before deciding whether to buy physical strength or extract abilities.  But now the situation is too dangerous,  and he doesn't even have a chance to draw lots.

"I'm done for. "

As he watched the lizard cyborg attack again,  Wang Yongsan could only give up all his thoughts and focus on dodging the other party's attacks.

```


Chapter 153:
The Komodo dragon is already the ruler among lizards, immense and fearsome, with even smaller animals unable to stand up to it.

This cyborg used its genes and became the ruler among humans as well.

‘Bang.’

Wang Yongsan was unprepared and got hit by another tail strike from the opponent.

His metabolic energy reserves were almost depleted, and it would be difficult to recover from the next attack.

“Hahaha, now you know how powerful I am, right? Too bad, it's too late for you.” The lizard cyborg strolled leisurely towards Wang Yongsan.

The disparity in their physical attributes was immense.

37 points of constitution corresponds to the body of a martial artist at the Breakthrough Stage.

In today's martial arts world, those who can reach this stage are all influential figures. Even the heads of smaller families struggle to achieve such a realm.

37 points of constitution is almost the peak state for humans.

Wang Yongsan, on the other hand, had only 12 points of constitution. If not for the metabolic energy protecting him, his head would have been blown off by that first punch.

——It's impossible; the gap is too large.

——The only chance now is to draw a superpower, otherwise it's a dead end.

Wang Yongsan felt extremely frustrated.

In other stories, the villain would talk a lot before killing someone.

But this monster he was facing now attacked without hesitation and didn't give him any breathing room.

Wang Yongsan was already severely injured and on the brink of death; yet, the monster only taunted him before continuing to approach.

This was too unconventional!

“Die, you brat.”

The lizard cyborg raised his fist and without any hesitation, smashed it down towards Wang Yongsan's head.

Wang Yongsan knelt on the ground, unable to dodge.

That tail strike earlier had shifted his internal organs; although the metabolic energy was repairing him, he couldn't move for a while.

It was all over now.

Wang Yongsan despairingly closed his eyes.

However,

A gunshot rang out, and the fist that should have descended didn't fall.

Wang Yongsan suddenly opened his eyes and heard Hua Shengnan's voice from behind: “Damn monster, put your hands on your head and squat down! If you dare to move again, I'll shoot you dead.”

Hua Shengnan had arrived.

She didn't wait for Wang Yongsan down there, and his phone was unreachable. Seeing that time was running out, she came up by herself to check.

As soon as she reached the door, she heard a loud ‘thud’ on the adjacent wall.

Hua Shengnan, with her strong curiosity, immediately opened the door to see what was happening inside. There she saw a monster raising its fist, ready to kill someone.

Looking ahead at the ground, she saw a dead body with its head smashed.

“You're now suspected of murder; immediately put your hands on your head and squat down, or I really will shoot.” Hua Shengnan's voice was harsh and authoritative.

Despite her absent-mindedness, she had immense courage.

There was a dead body on the ground?

A monster in front of her?

So what?

If someone dared to commit a crime, Hua Shengnan would dare to arrest them; even if it were a ghost, she wouldn't let him off.


Chapter 154:
"Haha, I like this kind of explosive temper."

The lizard cyborg not only did not do what Huaxingnan said, but instead laughed hahaha.

Huaxingnan widened her eyes and said, "You like it? Don't think I'm joking with you. I'll count to three, and if you don't squat down, I'll shoot."

The lizard cyborg showed no sign of obeying.

Next to him, Wang Yongsan urged anxiously, "Huaxingnan, don't talk nonsense with him. This guy is very dangerous. Just shoot and kill him quickly!"

"Shut up, I don't need you to teach me."

Huaxingnan is a police officer, and as a police officer, there are rules for handling cases. If you shoot without saying anything, you will be held accountable by your superiors.

No matter what kind of criminal the other party is, as long as they are willing to confess, as a police officer, they must give them the opportunity to speak.

However, the guy in front of him is not an ordinary person at all.

"One."

"Two."

"Three..."

Huaxingnan's explosive temper.

Since she said she would shoot if she counted to three, and the other party didn't listen, she absolutely dared to shoot.

Bang.

The previous shot was a warning, and this time it was aimed directly at the other party's leg.

But what happened next made Huaxingnan dumbfounded.

The bullet hit the person, but only left a hole in their pants, and then it was like hitting a rock, falling to the ground.

The bullet head was flattened.

"My God." Huaxingnan encountered this situation for the first time, and was startled to curse out loud.

The lizard cyborg laughed hahaha, pointed at his head and said, "Come on, hit here. Don't worry, I can't die."

"Fuck your uncle, who is worried about shooting you to death? I am afraid that you will not die."

The muzzle of the gun slightly raised, and another bang was fired.

Huaxingnan's marksmanship is still very accurate, hitting the other party's forehead, but the result this time is the same as before, the bullet was flattened by collision, and the other party did not even break the skin.

Huaxingnan was completely startled.

Wang Yongsan finally realized what the thirty-seven points of physique represented.

The bullet hit, but even the skin couldn't penetrate it, this is an invincible existence.

"Huaxingnan, run quickly, he is not someone you can deal with." Wang Yongsan reacted and shouted loudly.

The previous blow consumed the metabolic energy, which has not recovered so far.

I am already doomed, now Huaxingnan can't do anything to the other party with a gun, and if I stay to save myself, it is equivalent to sending my life away like葫芦娃救爷爷.

But now it's too late to think about leaving.

The lizard cyborg laughed loudly, took a step forward and came to Huaxingnan's face, gently pinched her neck in his palm.

"Beautiful, strong-willed, and also a police officer, you meet my mate selection criteria." The lizard cyborg looked at Huaxingnan as if he was looking at an interesting toy.

Huaxingnan's neck was pinched, and her voice became hoarse: "You monster, what are you talking about."

"I said you are mine now."

The lizard cyborg turned his hand over and took out an injection needle from his pants pocket.


Chapter 155:
He prepared to inject the drug into Hua Shengnan's body while licking his tongue and explaining, "This is my favorite ragdoll cat gene modification drug. It can only be used on women. After injection, within seven days, you will slowly grow cat ears, cat eyes, and a cat tail."

"By then, society will not tolerate you."

"The only chance for you to survive is to seek my protection..."








The lizard cyborg had always prepared a ragdoll cat gene modification drug.

Ragdoll cats are one of the most expensive pet cats, known as walking RMB, and also the lizard cyborg's favorite pet.

Now, he was no longer limited to just keeping cats but wanted to transform Hua Shengnan into a ragdoll cat cyborg and make her his pet.

"Haha, what a cute little wildcat. I can't wait to see how you look after the transformation."

The lizard cyborg held the syringe and directly inserted it into Hua Shengnan's neck.

Hua Shengnan wanted to resist, but under the distance advantage of her opponent, she couldn't even move one of his fingers.

As the liquid gradually entered Hua Shengnan's blood vessels, Wang Yongsan's eyes were filled with anxiety.

"Damn it, stop!"

Wang Yongsan shouted loudly, but to no avail.

The only way to save Hua Shengnan now was to defeat this lizard cyborg.

However, the opponent had 37 points of physical strength. Even if Wang Yongsan obtained some ability, it was uncertain whether he could kill the opponent.

Moreover, every time an ability was drawn, the wheel had to be spun.

Even if the first draw resulted in the desired ability, it would still take more than ten seconds, and during this time, Hua Shengnan would have already been injected.

What should I do?

What should I do?

Wang Yongsan was almost desperate.

Although he didn't like Hua Shengnan, she had come here for justice and solving cases. Moreover, to be honest, it was also because of her arrival that she had saved his life just now.

No matter what, Wang Yongsan couldn't abandon her now. He would rather have been beaten to death just now than let Hua Shengnan be enslaved by others.

But,

He was powerless.

"Why am I so weak?"

"I need to become stronger, I need to kill him, kill him ahhhh!"

Wang Yongsan went insane.

His eyes turned completely red.

With his internal organs displaced, even moving was difficult for him, but now there was a force of the five elements pushing him to stand up.

"Let her go!"

Wang Yongsan roared and charged straight towards the lizard cyborg.

Hua Shengnan couldn't move the lizard man, but Wang Yongsan could.

Although their physical strengths were vastly different, while it was impossible for Wang Yongsan to kill the opponent, he could still manage to affect him.

"You're asking for death!"

The lizard cyborg had only injected half of the liquid when Wang Yongsan interrupted him, causing him to become furious.

He threw Hua Shengnan to the ground and then directly faced Wang Yongsan, punching him.

As their fists collided, Wang Yongsan's knuckles immediately made a series of cracking sounds.

His right fist was completely deformed, and he continued to attack with his left fist.

Crack! His left fist was also shattered by the opponent's punch.


Chapter 156:
“You stinking bastard.”

This was the first time Hua Shengnan had encountered someone who fought without fear of death, and what’s more, he was fighting for her. Tears welled up in her eyes without warning.

“I’m going to kill you!” Wang Yongsan raged like a madman.

With both his fists useless, he kicked with his legs.

The lizard cyborg didn’t hold back and landed a kick that shattered Wang Yongsan’s leg into three pieces.

Now with only one leg left, Wang Yongsan couldn’t even stand steady, let alone continue his attack.

But he still refused to give up.

When his limbs were no longer useful, he used his mouth.

Wang Yongsan leaped onto the lizard cyborg and bit down with his teeth.

“You stinking bastard, stop fighting! You’ll die!” Hua Shengnan cried.

This tough-as-nails tomboy had been a police officer for many years, enduring injuries, bloodshed, insults, injustice, and even petty persecution from her superiors. Yet she had never shed a tear.

But today, faced with this stinking bastard who was willing to risk his life for her, tears flowed uncontrollably from her eyes.

“Stop fighting! You wanted to inject me with gene fluid, right? I’ll let you do it. Just spare him!”

Hua Shengnan lowered her status and begged the lizard cyborg for mercy.

She couldn’t understand why she would say such weak words. If it were for herself, she would rather die than submit to evil.

“Hahaha! Little wildcat, you should know your place. In front of me, you have no bargaining chips. Think more before you speak to me next time. I don’t like women with low IQs.” The lizard cyborg smiled slyly at Hua Shengnan.

It was this sentence that made Wang Yongsan’s eyes light up suddenly.

IQ?

Intelligence?

Activate the Spiritual Vision technique!

Wang Yongsan looked at the lizard cyborg’s head and felt a glimmer of hope.

—Twelve points, his intelligence is only twelve points!

The hypnotism ability could only be used on someone with lower mental strength than himself, and the greater the difference in mental strength, the easier it was to cast.

Mental strength was directly proportional to intelligence.

This lizard cyborg had an intelligence of only twelve points, slightly higher than Wang Yongshi’s ten points.

But Wang Yongsan still had sixty points of death points left.

“Buy three points of intelligence!”

Wang Yongsan suppressed his anger and said.

“What? Buy intelligence? I think you’ve gone crazy from my beating!” The lizard cyborg sneered. “Forget it, you’re already a cripple. Living is just suffering. I might as well do you a favor and send you on your way.”

The lizard cyborg raised his fist to strike.

However, just as he was about to punch, Wang Yongsan’s confident voice rang in his ear first.

“Stop!”

The voice was like magic.

The lizard cyborg’s fist, which was about to hit him, seemed to be petrified in mid-air.

Using thirteen points of intelligence against twelve points, the mental strength consumption was unbelievably fast.

Wang Yongsan could feel his mental strength depleting at a rate of one point every three seconds.

With the remaining mental strength, he could only last twenty-five seconds at most.

“Where is your weakness? How can I kill you?”


Chapter 157:
```
Wang Yongsan asked urgently, and after saying these words, five seconds had passed.

The lizard cyborg stared blankly and replied: "My weakness is in my mouth. Only the muscles in my mouth are in a normal state. As long as I open my mouth, outsiders can attack from my mouth to the upper part of my brain, and they will be able to kill me."

Nima.

The weakness was actually in his mouth.

If this monster kept its mouth closed all the time, wouldn't it be invincible?

In just a simple question and answer, more than ten seconds had passed.

Wang Yongsan didn't have time to think too much. He first ordered the lizard cyborg to open his mouth, and then shouted to Hua Shengnan, who was sitting on the side crying: "Officer Hua, quickly shoot him with your gun, shoot his head from his mouth."

"Oh."

The change came too quickly, and Hua Shengnan almost didn't react.

Fortunately, Wang Yongsan reminded her, and Hua Shengnan's psychological quality was also excellent.

She picked up the gun that had fallen to the ground, held it with both hands, aimed slightly, and then pulled the trigger.

'Bang.'

With a gunshot, the bullet hit the lizard cyborg's mouth firmly.








The bullet hit the lizard cyborg's mouth firmly, his tall body swayed for a moment, and then he fell to the ground with a bang.

This guy with a physique of 37 points was finally killed.

"Ding, the third stage task has been overfulfilled, and 60 points of death credits are rewarded."

Hearing the prompt sound in his mind, Wang Yongsan finally breathed a sigh of relief.

It seemed that it was not necessary to catch everyone, as long as this main criminal was caught, the task would be completed.

The task required a time limit of three days, and Wang Yongsan finished it in one day, so he overfulfilled the task.

"Smelly bastard, how are you?"

Hua Shengnan stood up and ran to Wang Yongsan's side.

At this time, Wang Yongsan's leg was broken, his two hands were completely deformed, and his internal organs were severely injured, and he kept spitting out blood.

That appearance was really too tragic.

Hua Shengnan felt a little uncomfortable when she saw it. If it wasn't for herself, he wouldn't have been beaten like this.

"No...ah."

Wang Yongsan was about to say that he was fine, but a mouthful of blood came out.

He was now standing on one leg, his spiritual power had been consumed excessively, and after spitting out a mouthful of blood, his body became even weaker. His body tilted to one side and was about to fall down.

Hua Shengnan reacted quickly, hugging him in her arms before he could fall.

"Smelly bastard, how are you?"

"Wake up, smelly bastard."

Hua Shengnan called Wang Yongsan's name, but Wang Yongsan had already fallen asleep.

Excessive consumption of spiritual power requires long-term sleep to replenish it, no matter how Hua Shengnan called his name, Wang Yongsan could not wake up.

Hua Shengnan was so nervous that she immediately called the police station and asked for an ambulance.

The next day.

Morning.

Wang Yongsan woke up from his sleep in a daze.

After sleeping until dawn, his spiritual power had fully recovered.

"Ha~~Huh! It's so comfortable."

Wang Yongsan stretched and opened his eyes, seeing the three beautiful women beside him at a glance.

```
Note: The Chinese text provided does not include the last part of the story where Wang Yongsan wakes up and sees the three beautiful women. Therefore, I have translated only the part provided in Chinese. If you need the complete translation including the missing part, please provide the full text.
```


Chapter 158:
"Yong San, you're awake."

"Wang classmate, you're finally alright, that's great."

"Stinking brat, it seems like a pest can live for a thousand years, making me worry all night for nothing."

Luo Yusha, Lin Shishi, and Hua Shengnan, three big beauties with different styles, had dark circles under their eyes and were guarding Wang Yongsan's hospital bed.

"Um, what's going on with everyone?"

Wang Yongsan had just woken up and hadn't figured out the situation yet.

Luo Yusha said with tears in her eyes, "Don't you remember? Last night you went to help Liu senior sister find the real murderer, but you were severely injured by someone. Fortunately, you arrived at the hospital in time. Otherwise, otherwise..."

As she spoke, Luo Yusha was about to cry.

Wang Yongsan quickly comforted her, "Good ShaSha, I'm not hurt, don't cry. If you make me infected with your sad mood, it will affect my wound recovery."

"Okay, I won't cry."

Luo Yusha bit her lips and tried hard to hold back her tears.

Beside her, Lin Shishi saw the intimate scene of the two and felt uncomfortable in her heart.

She had been waiting for Wang Yongsan to come back at the rental house last night, but she didn't wait until ten o'clock. When she called, she found out that the person was undergoing surgery.

At that time, Lin Shishi didn't think about anything and rushed over by taxi, but when she saw Luo Yusha was also there, she felt a little embarrassed.

However, she still found an excuse to stay.

But when Wang Yongsan woke up, his eyes only saw Luo Yusha, which made Lin Shishi feel very frustrated.

"By the way." Wang Yongsan suddenly spoke up and asked Lin Shishi, "Classmate Lin is also here? You didn't accompany ShaSha all night, did you?"

Lin Shishi pouted and thought to herself: I stayed with you all night. Who would accompany Luo Yusha?

But she was a clever girl who knew that if she said it like this now, not only would it not have any impact on Luo Yusha, but it would also make Wang Yongsan feel embarrassed.

So she just smiled and said, "Yes, I was worried that Luo classmate would be too sad, so I stayed here to accompany her."

"Thank you very much." Wang Yongsan said sincerely.

Lin Shishi smiled sweetly and replied, "You're welcome."

Wang Yongsan now had logical reasoning ability, which should have allowed him to analyze Lin Shishi's thoughts.

Unfortunately, logical reasoning ability is based on having enough clues to be able to use logic to deduce the truth. If there are insufficient clues or the obtained clues are completely wrong, then even if the logical reasoning ability is strong, it will still be unable to see through the truth.

When Wang Yongsan and Lin Shishi met for the first time in the rental house, Lin Shishi had said that she had a boyfriend.

So Wang Yongsan never doubted that Lin Shishi would like himself.

But Wang Yongsan didn't know about Lin Shishi's affection for him, while Luo Yusha had long felt that there was something unusual between the two.

Before Wang Yongsan woke up, Luo Yusha was only worried about her boyfriend's well-being and didn't have time to pay attention to Lin Shishi.

Now that Wang Yongsan had woken up and his complexion was not bad, Luo Yusha began to feel uncomfortable looking at Lin Shishi.

She smiled slightly and said to Lin Shishi, "Classmate Lin, thank you for staying with me last night. Now that it's daytime and Yongsan has woken up, you haven't slept all night. Why don't you go back and rest early?"

This was a blatant order to leave.


Chapter 159:
Linda Lin bit her lip and forced a smile, saying, "Classmate Luo stayed here all night last night, feeling sad and troubled. Why don't you go back to rest first? I'll watch over him for a while."

Luo Yusha sneered, "Haha, Yongsan is my boyfriend. It's only right for me to stay with him. How can I let Classmate Lin do it instead?"

Linda Lin retorted, "You're Yongsan's girlfriend, but I have a close relationship with him too. Yongsan has helped me a lot, and besides..."

Linda Lin looked at Wang Yongsan, hesitating whether to reveal their secret.

Wang Yongsan saw the situation and knew it was going south.

He quickly tried to mediate, saying, "Okay, okay. Shasha, look at those dark circles under your eyes. Why don't you go back and rest for a while? I really am fine now."

"What? You want me to leave?" Luo Yusha was furious.

Wang Yongsan was at his wit's end.

Although he had kissed Linda Lin because of a mission requirement, and his exposure to her was also unintentional, some things were difficult to explain. They could only be understood without words.

So Wang Yongsan had to keep lying through his teeth.

"It's not like that, Shasha. I feel bad for you. You used to hate staying up late, and now your face is pale with dark circles under your eyes. I'm just worried about you," Wang Yongsan said earnestly.

But Luo Yusha didn't believe him.

Her eyes turned red with anger as she said, "You like her! Since you want her to stay with you, I'll leave now."

Luo Yusha stood up to leave.

Linda Lin, having succeeded in her scheme, felt triumphant inside. She didn't try to stop Luo Yusha but instead stood up and handed her the bag, "Classmate Luo, here's your bag. Actually, you don't have to think too much about it. I haven't really gotten close with Yongsan yet."

Her explanation was tantamount to boasting.

Luo Yusha became even more furious and snorted, turning away to leave.








Wang Yongsan didn't expect things to escalate this way. He sat up abruptly, trying to grab Luo Yusha's hand.

But he forgot that his hand was already fractured. During his unconsciousness, someone had performed surgery on it. As he stretched out his hand suddenly, before even touching her, a searing pain shot through him.

"Ah..."

Wang Yongsan's cry of pain tugged at Luo Yusha's heart.

She turned around to see Wang Yongsan reaching out to grab her.

Luo Yusha felt a mix of emotions, and her nose tingled with the urge to cry. "What are you doing? If you don't want me here, I'll leave then."

Wang Yongsan looked at her with deep affection, "Stupid Shasha, how could I not want you to stay? I'm genuinely worried that you might get tired."

"I don't believe you!"

Luo Yusha stubbornly insisted.

Because of deep love, one becomes overly concerned. Luo Yusha loved Wang Yongsan so much that she became overly anxious about even the slightest matters.

Moreover, this time her rival was Linda Lin, the school flower of Longtai University, who was even more beautiful than herself. Of course, she would be extra vigilant.

Wang Yongsan's logical reasoning ability was still in effect, and he understood what Luo Yusha was thinking. He couldn't tell her the truth that had happened because he feared she wouldn't be able to accept it in public. So he could only first express his true feelings to her.


Chapter 160:
"Shasha, I told you last time that I Wang Yongsan only love you, a woman, you said you would believe me."

Luoyuisha pouted, although still looking reluctant, but the face has been able to see hidden smile.

On the other hand, Lin Shishi was somewhat infuriated.

"Do you really only love me?"

"Of course it's true, more real than diamonds."

"What if another girl chases you?"

"Well, I won't give them a chance."

"What if she is prettier than me?"

"In my heart, you Luoyuisha is the most beautiful."

Luoyuisha kept asking questions, while Wang Yongsan was completely shameless in his answers.

Lin Shishi's face turned black next to her.

Where could she not see that this Luoyuisha was showing off to herself?

What made her even more angry was that Wang Yongsan obviously stood on Luoyuisha's side and completely cooperated with her performance.

"Are you two done?"

At this time, Hua Shengnan, who had not spoken all the time, finally spoke up.

She frowned and said with no good air: "You two don't know this is a hospital? The patient just woke up, and you are arguing back and forth, how can it affect the patient's rest? Why don't you both go back and rest, I will help you watch him for an hour here, so there is no need to fight over it?"

Luoyuisha looked at Lin Shishi.

Lin Shishi looked at Luoyuisha.

"Who is this?" Lin Shishi asked.

"Hua police officer, we met last time, don't you remember?" Luoyuisha said.

"I know, I mean who is she to Yongsan? Why is she talking so much here?"

"I also want to know, Yongsan, what does this woman mean?"

The last sentence was asked by Luoyuisha to Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan almost cried.

These two women, one is too jealous and thinks that every beautiful woman has a crush on her boyfriend when she sees one, and the other is causing trouble along with it. She just made this one unhappy and now she wants to provoke the other.

Wang Yongsan had no idea how to explain it when Hua Shengnan on the other side spoke up.

"I am no one, this stinky brat's case is not over yet, I have to work with him on official business now. You two should say what you want to say quickly, I will give you five minutes, and after that you must leave immediately."

This was the first time Hua Shengnan had abused her power. It wasn't really abusing her power, because she did have some questions about last night that needed to be asked of Wang Yongsan, but it wasn't necessary to send Luoyuisha and Lin Shishi away.

Luoyuisha and Lin Shishi were both well-mannered girls, and when they heard that there was official business to be done, neither of them continued to cause trouble.

Five minutes later, Luoyuisha and Lin Shishi left.

Only then did Hua Shengnan come over, looking exhausted and said: "Stinky brat, thank you last night."

Wang Yongsan speechlessly said: "Are you thanking me or scolding me?"

Hua Shengnan said: "One thing is one thing, you are indeed a stinky brat who saved me, I Hua Shengnan is clear about my grievances and favors, if you get into trouble next time and fall into my hands, I will still arrest you."

"..."

Facing such a woman whose body and brain ratio was inversely proportional, Wang Yongsan didn't know what to say either.


Chapter 161:
However, yesterday's events saw Hua Shengnan save Wang Yongsan first, and then Wang Yongsan saved Hua Shengnan. The two were mutually saving each other, and it seemed somewhat embarrassing for Wang Yongsan that only Hua Shengnan had expressed gratitude.

"Well, yesterday I also need to thank you. If it wasn't for your timely arrival, I might have already died." Wang Yongsan said sincerely.

Hua Shengnan waved her hand, "No need to be polite. I'm a police officer, different from you civilians. It's my duty to save people."

Hmph, say you're fat and you start puffing up!

Wang Yongsan particularly disliked Hua Shengnan's overbearing attitude.

In reality, Hua Shengnan wasn't showing off; it was just that in today's society, people with such positive energy were too rare. That's why it seemed like she was showing off.

Wang Yongsan chuckled, thinking of something that could bring Hua Shengnan down a peg.

"Officer Hua, since we've saved each other once, let's call it a draw, okay?"

"Of course."

"Then next, shouldn't we fulfill our agreement?"

Wang Yongsan grinned cunningly.

Before solving the case, Wang Yongsan and Hua Shengnan had agreed that if Wang Yongsan found the real murderer, Hua Shengnan would call him three times 'good brother.'

The process was too intense, and both of them had forgotten about it. Just now, Wang Yongsan saw how overbearing Hua Shengnan was and remembered their agreement.

"Don't worry, I, Hua Shengnan, am a person who keeps my word. What I promised won't be reneged upon."

"Really? Then go ahead and call me." Wang Yongsan eagerly said.

The tigress Hua Shengnan must have never called anyone 'good brother' before. He wondered how she would sound when calling him that?

Shy?

Angry?

Or just like her usual speech, expressionless?

However, in Wang Yongsan's anticipation, Hua Shengnan shook her head.

"Not yet."

Wang Yongsan scoffed, "You say you won't renege on your promise, but now that the murderer has been caught, why isn't it yet? Or do I have to wait until I die for it to be 'then'?"

"Whether he's the real murderer is still uncertain. Only after complete closure of the case can we determine his guilt."

"Moreover, where did his gene serum come from? Why did he steal and inject the life records of those who had taken the gene serum? Who is he working for?"

"These questions haven't been clarified yet, so our agreement isn't over." Hua Shengnan calmly said.

"I can't believe this!" Wang Yongsan exclaimed.

The real murderer had been found, but Hua Shengnan not only refused to acknowledge it but also planned to uncover the lizard-man's backers.

Wang Yongsan was a fool if he dared to provoke the lizard-man's backers after nearly being killed by him.

Just as Wang Yongsan was about to let go of the three 'good brothers' that Hua Shengnan owed him, a sudden "beep" sounded in his mind.

"Generating the fourth stage task..."








Upon hearing the prompt in his mind, Wang Yongsan was taken aback.

The chain of tasks had completed three stages, and it had been such a long time that Wang Yongsan thought there wouldn't be any subsequent tasks, but unexpectedly, a fourth stage task appeared.

The prompt continued:

"Current Task: Save Hua Shengnan (Fourth Stage of the Chain Task)."


Chapter 162:
```
“Mission Briefing: As the saying goes, those who are not of our kind must have different hearts. The so-called modified humans become more ruthless in both body and mind after undergoing changes. As one of the rare positive energy representatives in the world, Fang Shen Nu (Flower Strong Girl) should not be modified.”

“Mission Requirements: 1. Protect Fang Shen Nu from any form of live research by any forces. 2. Please find and inject the restoration gene medicine for Fang Shen Nu within seven days.”

“Mission Completion: Reward of 100 points of death-defying credits. Mission Failure: All subsequent missions canceled, and all lifespan deducted.”

My goodness, there are more tasks coming after this one?

And this mission looks really tough.

Not only does it require protecting Fang Shen Nu from any research, but also finding the restoration gene medicine for her.

These semi-finished monster gene medicines must be related to Blood Skulls. If Wang Yong San (Strong Three) wants to find the restoration gene medicine, he can only choose to infiltrate Blood Skulls.

If he makes even the slightest mistake, Strong Three, whose hypnotic ability has already expired, will definitely not be a match for any lizard-like modified human that comes out.

The most crucial point is that there's only a seven-day deadline.

With such a short time, even if Strong Three tries his best, he won't be able to improve to the level of a lizard-like modified human.

Not to mention that the lizard-like modified human might not be the strongest person in Blood Skulls.

“Ding…”

Just as Strong Three was about to despair, a prompt sounded in his mind again.

“Given that you have already completed three consecutive stages of tasks, the system specially rewards you with a task sealing opportunity.”

“Prompt: The task sealing opportunity allows you to temporarily seal a mission when you are unable to complete it on time. You can re-open the sealed task when you feel the timing is right.”

“Sealed tasks do not affect other task refreshes.”

You little sister, there's always a way out!

It seemed like an impossible task, but unexpectedly, he was rewarded with a task sealing opportunity. Strong Three couldn't help but feel delighted.

“Hey, what are you thinking about again? Something dirty?”

Fang Shen Nu asked with a frown.

Strong Three was sometimes sad and sometimes smiling, clearly not thinking anything good.

“What am I thinking? I'm not thinking about anything!” Strong Three grinned.

Their relationship wasn't enemies, and they could even be considered comrades-in-arms who had experienced hardships together. But Strong Three didn't know why; it was probably just because Fang Shen Nu looked better when she was angry.

Anyway, as long as Fang Shen Nu wasn't happy, he would be.

“Hey, what are you doing?”

“What do you think we're doing? We've come to see the patient!”

“Why are so many people coming to see a patient?”

“Haha, what kind of question is that? The more people who come to see Wang's classmate's injury, the more popular Wang classmate is!”

There were voices outside the room.

It was a man and a woman talking.

The woman was Luo Yusha, who had just left, and the man seemed to be Wang Hao.

Wang Yong San frowned.

It was impossible for Wang Hao to come and see him; moreover, he brought people along. In broad daylight, could it be that they wanted to take advantage of his illness to end his life?
```


Chapter 163:
```
Wang Yongsan chuckled, his current physique, while not as bulletproof as that of the lizard cyborg, was still beyond the reach of ordinary people's fists and feet.

"Officer Hua, if someone comes to beat me up, you won't just stand by and watch, right?" Wang Yongsan looked at Hua Shengnan, sensing a way to kill two birds with one stone.

Hua Shengnan raised her chin, haughtily saying, "Hmph, even though you're a stinky bastard, you still have human rights. If someone really bullies you, I'll reluctantly intervene even if I don't want to."

Wang Yongsan asked, "What if the other party has connections?"

Hua Shengnan furrowed her brows.

If they had connections, she would still arrest them if necessary, but the arrest might ultimately be futile.

The root cause was simply that her position was too low.

"How big are their connections?"

"I think it's the deputy mayor of our city, your superior."

"Haha."

Hua Shengnan sneered.

Wang Yongsan was puzzled; it seemed that Hua Shengnan was disdainful of the deputy mayor.

But she clearly wouldn't dare to defy the director and the political commissar, where did this inexplicable confidence come from?

Wang Yongsan certainly didn't know that because of him, Hua Shengnan had already opened her heart and wanted to rely on connections to climb the ranks.

Before, Hua Shengnan always felt that it was an act of making mistakes, but now she realized that her position was too low. When she encountered anyone, she couldn't deal with them, so many people who should be arrested weren't, and she was still hesitating about connections, which was too naive.

As the saying goes, if not me, then who will enter hell?

If she were punished for seeking connections to climb the ranks, Hua Shengnan would accept it. Just so she could have more power to handle the cases that should be handled and arrest those who should be arrested.

Bang.

The door was rudely opened.

Wang Hao led the way, with a crowd of people behind him, almost filling up the corridor.

"Hey there, isn't this our classmate Wang? We heard that you fought off the entire Iron Fist Martial Arts Club by yourself last time. You're so awesome, why are you looking so miserable today?"

As soon as Wang Hao entered the room, he laughed smugly.

One of his lackeys echoed his words: "Brother Hao, this guy must have wanted to fly too high and ended up falling down. Look at his face, those legs, that hand, wow, impressive."

"What are you talking about? We don't welcome you here; get out."

Luo Yusha was so angry that her face turned red.

Her boyfriend's body was severely injured, with internal organs displaced and multiple fractures; not only could he not move around easily, but he also couldn't take much stress.

These bastards barged in and started talking nonsense; if they were to anger him into death, what would happen then?

Lin Shishu also followed in and said to Wang Hao, "Wang Hao, what you're doing is too embarrassing. A real man challenges others openly; coming to provoke someone when they're injured, don't you think it's unfair?"

Wang Hao was unhappy when he heard this.

A sinister smile spread across his face as he said to those around him, "You hear that? The school beauty wants me to challenge this coward. I was just coming to see how my classmate was doing, but since she asked me to challenge him, I guess I have no choice but to do it."

The people who came with Wang Hao were naturally all his followers, and upon hearing this, they started clamoring.
```


Chapter 164:
"Of course, you can't disobey the orders of the school flower. Brother Hao, go ahead and challenge him boldly."

"We support you, Brother Hao."

"Be gentle; don't kill him!"

"He's already on the brink of death. Even if he dies from being beaten, it would be because of his previous injuries. What does it have to do with Brother Hao?"

Lin Shi Shi was almost in tears.

She hadn't expected Wang Hao and his gang to be so shameless. She had intended to use reverse psychology, making him feel embarrassed about attacking.

As she walked behind them, she saw several people carrying baseball bats. If a fight broke out, with Wang Yongsan's current condition, he would likely be beaten to death.








"Don't say such nonsense. I didn't tell him to challenge."

Lin Shi Shi stood in front of the bed, blocking Wang Hao along with Luo Yu Sha.

"Hey, Mr. Wang is so awesome that he needs girls to protect him?" Wang Hao gloated.

Wang Yongsan smiled indifferently, "Wang Hao, you sure talk a lot. Do you know that villains like you usually die horribly?"

"Is that so?"

Wang Hao laughed loudly, "But today it might be you who dies horribly."

Wang Yongsan scoffed, "Then what are you waiting for? Stop talking and do it!"

Wang Hao's eyes turned cold as he pushed Luo Yu Sha and Lin Shi Shi aside, preparing to attack Wang Yongsan.

Hua Sheng Nan had been observing coldly from the side.

As someone from the same city, having worked as a police officer in the criminal investigation team for several years, Hua Sheng Nan had heard of Wang Hao's reputation.

Once, she even arrested him when he got into trouble, but as expected, due to his connections, the case was settled out of court.

Today, she encountered this scoundrel again; she wanted to settle both the new and old accounts.

Not only did she want Wang Hao to attack Wang Yongsan, but she also planned to use Wang Yongsan's injuries to frame Wang Hao, making him pay for his past misdeeds.

As Wang Hao was about to strike, Lin Shi Shi rushed forward and grabbed him.

"Wang Hao, don't do it! I promise you!"

When Lin Shi Shi said this, she was extremely reluctant.

Yesterday, Wang Hao invited her to attend a joint gathering that would last for three days outside the city. She knew what would likely happen during those three days—once she agreed to go, it would be as if she had agreed to become Wang Hao's girlfriend.

During those three days, Wang Hao would undoubtedly use all sorts of despicable methods to get her. By then, even if she didn't want to be with him, she would have no choice.

However, Wang Yongsan was now severely injured. Even if Wang Hao didn't dare to kill him, beating him into a permanent disability would be her fault.

After all, from the beginning, Wang Yongsan's conflict with Wang Hao was caused by her, Lin Shi Shi.

"Hahaha, really? Shi Shi, you agreed to go with me?" Wang Hao was overjoyed.

He knew that Wang Yongsan could fight and that he was a rich second-generation heir, but he still brought people over without hesitation to force Lin Shi Shi into submission.

Unexpectedly, this move had paid off; how could Wang Hao not be happy?

"Yes, I agreed." Lin Shi Shi's face was filled with despair.

She had just experienced the feeling of love, albeit unrequited, and she found it beautiful.


Chapter 165:
However, this relationship hasn't officially begun yet, and it's already coming to an end.

"Alright then, since Shi Shi has pleaded for you, I'll spare your life today. Beautiful Shi Shi, let's go together." Wang Hao invites Lin Shi Shi.

Lin Shi Shi glances back at Wang Yong San with a complex expression in her eyes.

Wang Yong San feels extremely frustrated.

Given the strength of Wang Hao and his companions, there's no need to worry about them being able to kill him. Besides, they can recover quickly after consuming some food.

Moreover, there's also Officer Hua who is ready to strike at any moment.

Lin Shi Shi has truly caused more harm than good by intervening in this situation.

"Sigh!"

Wang Yong San lets out a sigh and considers stopping her, but hesitates for a moment before ultimately deciding not to speak up.

He has already caused Luo Yu Sha pain several times for Lin Shi Shi's sake. If he were to speak up now and stop her, Luo Yu Sha would definitely become jealous again.

It's better to let Wang Hao take her away, and once his body recovers, he can secretly incapacitate Wang Hao.

However, nobody expected that Luo Yu Sha would suddenly step forward at this moment.

"No, Lin classmate, you can't go with him."

Luo Yu Sha grabs Lin Shi Shi's arm and pulls her back from Wang Hao.

"Luo classmate?" Lin Shi Shi's eyes show gratitude and anticipation.

But she ultimately decides to give up: "I'm sorry, Luo classmate. Yong San and I really don't have anything between us. It has always been me who has secretly admired him, and the person he likes is only you."

What?

Wang Yong San is stunned.

The school beauty actually likes me?

When did this happen?

Doesn't she already have a boyfriend? How did she suddenly start secretly admiring me? Could I be the infamous third party who interferes with others' relationships?

But how could I possibly know anything about this, huh?

Luo Yu Sha pouts and takes two deep breaths before persuading: "I know, I've always trusted him. But I hope you won't go with Wang Hao. He is a playboy, narrow-minded, arrogant, and has impregnated at least three female classmates before. He doesn't deserve you."

Wang Hao gets angry when he is scolded, especially in front of Lin Shi Shi.

"Hey, what are you talking about, Luo Yu Sha? Do you believe I'll find someone to gang-rape you?" He points at Luo Yu Sha's nose, about to slap her in the next second.

At this moment, a cold voice that sends shivers down his spine sounds in his ear.

"Do you dare?"

Wang Hao's heart feels like it is being tightly gripped, and he can hardly breathe.

He looks at Wang Yong San, whose eyes seem to contain whirlpools, causing Wang Hao to feel dizzy.

As Wang Yong San opens his lips slightly, and an enchanting voice enters his ears, Wang Hao suddenly finds himself slipping into a half-awake, half-asleep state.

"Wang Hao, you are a beast."

"You commit crimes and form gangs, relying on your family's power to bully classmates and cause chaos."

"Today you have discovered your conscience, feeling deep regret, so you decide to commit suicide by jumping off a building."

"Go ahead, we will forgive you."

Wang Yong San's voice not only hypnotizes Wang Hao but also affects others around him.

Except for Luo Yu Sha, including Lin Shi Shi and Hua Sheng Nan, they all think that Wang Yong San is reasoning with Wang Hao.


Chapter 166:
Doing this has the consequence of consuming spiritual power at a faster rate.

However, since the spiritual power of these people around is quite low, even if I hypnotize a group of them at the same time, Wang Yongsan can still hold on for a while.

At this moment, apart from Wang Yongsan, only Luo Yusha is still awake.

“This…is Wang Hao?” Luo Yusha couldn’t believe it.

Because after listening to Wang Yongsan’s words, Wang Hao actually cried with tears in his eyes, saying that I am a beast, I deserve to die, and then really walked to the window of the ward.

He climbed up,

And under everyone’s gaze, he jumped down with a swoosh.

‘Piaji’.

Wang Yongsan’s Shunfeng Ear heard the sound of him landing and his painful groans.

“Wow, someone jumped off a building.”

“Call the doctor for an emergency, this guy’s egg is smashed.”

“Fuck, he wore pants, how do you know his egg broke?”

“Nonsense, didn’t you see where he fell? The position of his egg landing was exactly a block stone to stop the car. Even if it was an iron egg, it would have deformed upon impact, let alone a meat egg.”

Wang Yongsan chuckled.

The ward he lived in was on the third floor, generally not enough to kill someone.

Wang Hao dared to be unreasonable to Luo Yusha several times, and Wang Yongsan had wanted to teach him a lesson for a long time. Today, he took revenge with hatred and even had the impulse to kill him.

Originally, he thought it was too high and not enough to be ruthless, but after hearing the discussion below, Wang Yongsan became a little looking forward to it.








“Hey? Brother Hao really jumped off a building.”

The people who were slightly hypnotized by Wang Yongsan only woke up in surprise at this moment.

Many people looked at Wang Yongsan with fear in their eyes.

This guy could make people jump off a building with just a few words, and the person he fooled was Wang Hao who was hostile to him. This ability is a bit scary.

“You…”

Wang Yongsan looked at everyone.

Everyone immediately took a step back in unison, showing their fear of Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan laughed and continued: “You listen to me clearly, I don’t care who gave you the order or what difficulties you have, it doesn’t matter if you target me, but anyone who dares to disrespect my girlfriend will be the same as Wang Hao.”

“Do you all understand?”

Wang Yongsan glared, and a terrifying momentum suddenly rose.

Everyone immediately nodded vigorously together.

“Understand, understand.”

“We will never dare again.”

Among these people, there are a few who are not students of Long University, and they were also scared to their knees.

After all, Wang Yongsan has experienced so much recently, killed someone, and almost got killed by others. It is not an exaggeration to say that he came back from the knife mountain and the sea of fire. How can a few student gangsters compare?

“Know it, get lost then.”

Wang Yongsan’s words sounded like a death knell in everyone’s ears.

In less than three seconds, the room became empty.

There were only Wang Yongsan and three beauties left in the house.

Luo Yusha still held Lin Shishu’s hand, and the two girls looked at each other silently for a long time before suddenly both ‘puff’ laughed.

“He is my boyfriend.”

“I didn’t deny it either.”

“He will be mine in the future too.”

“That’s not certain.”


Chapter 167:
“Humph, if I had known you were so heartless and ungrateful, I should have let Wang Hao take you away just now.”

“Haha, such a nice thing to say. You're actually afraid that I would be taken away by someone, and Yong San will owe me a favor, aren't you?”

“I think you are the one who is self-indulgent.”

The two girls started arguing again as they talked.

Sure enough, it was impossible for two girls to share a boyfriend. It was harder than climbing to the sky.

Flower Shengnan's face looked a little unhappy. She had been silent all this time, and now that everyone had left, she only spoke to Wang Yongsan:

“You were suspected of instigating suicide just now, and you are guilty.”

Wang Yongsan exclaimed: “Do we have to do this? Officer Flower, that Wang Hao is a despicable villain. He was obviously discouraged by me and committed suicide by jumping off the building. How can it be considered instigation?”

“Humph, others may not notice, but I can tell. I guess you must know some hypnotism or something similar, so that's why she committed suicide, right?”

Flower Shengnan's expression was serious, and her eyes stared straight at Wang Yongsan.

Suddenly, Wang Yongsan realized that Flower Shengnan's pupils seemed to be different from ordinary people.

Moreover, why did she suddenly become so smart?

The time to experience logical ability had not ended yet, and Wang Yongsan quickly thought of something.

“Watching Qi Art, activate!”

Three grid lines appeared above Flower Shengnan's head.

Wang Yongsan was surprised to find that after just one night, Flower Shengnan's attributes had increased significantly.

Physical strength: 8 (originally 6 points).

Intelligence: 13 (originally 5 points).

Energy: 0

Life span: 2.9 Jiazi (about 174 years left)

Physical strength only increased by two points, but intelligence doubled.

No wonder she could see through his hypnosis; it turned out that Flower Shengnan's mental strength was now equal to his own at this moment, and she hadn't been hypnotized by him just now.

“Shasha, Lin classmate, you go back to school and rest first. I have something to discuss with Officer Flower.”

It was a big deal; Wang Yongsan had to get rid of Luo Yu Sha and Lin Shi Shi first.

Luo Yu Sha was arguing fiercely with Lin Shi Shi, and when she heard Wang Yongsan's words, the two of them actually joined forces and questioned together:

“A lone man and a lonely woman, in the same room. What do you want to discuss?”

“No need to say it, it must be discussing some unspeakable things.”

The matter of transforming people was indeed unspeakable.

However, Wang Yongsan couldn't tell the two girls about it because if they knew about it, they might be implicated.

It was already very difficult for Wang Yongsan to protect Flower Shengnan alone, let alone adding Luo Yu Sha and Lin Shi Shi; just thinking about it made him feel difficult.

“Shasha, why are you here again? And Lin classmate, don't make trouble, okay? We really have something to discuss, and it is definitely a serious matter. You go back first, okay?”

Wang Yongsan tried his best to persuade them with good words.

Luo Yu Sha and Lin Shi Shi decided to give him face, and the two of them glared fiercely at Flower Shengnan before leaving together.

When they went out, the two of them refused to give way to each other. Fortunately, the door was wide enough for both of them to squeeze out shoulder to shoulder.

Wang Yongsan felt a little helpless.

Lin Shi Shi actually said she was in love with him; this was really…


Chapter 168:
"Hello, you deliberately sent them away, right? Are you going to admit your guilt? " Hua Shengnan sneered.

Wang Yongsan looked at it, and realized that this woman's intelligence had improved, but the intelligence displayed by the system seemed to be different from what we call IQ.

The system's intelligence represents the strength of spiritual power, memory, and observation, but it seems not to include logical ability.

What we usually call IQ largely refers to logical ability.

Hua Shengnan knew that Wang Yongsan was urging his life just now, completely because she wasn't hypnotized, but it wasn't because her intelligence attribute had increased significantly.

Thinking that she should have started to be genetically modified by the ragdoll cat, Wang Yongsan felt a headache.

"Commissioner Hua, have you found that your body has begun to change?"

Hua Shengnan hesitated for a moment and nodded, "It seems so."

"For example? What kind of unusual feelings do you have?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Hua Shengnan said, "I didn't sleep all night last night, but now I feel more energetic than when I just woke up, and seeing things is also different from before."

Wang Yongsan had already found that Hua Shengnan's pupils had changed just now. Now when he looked carefully, wasn't the color a little light?

In addition, cat eyes will shrink their pupils according to the intensity of light. During the day, a cat's pupil may be as narrow as an olive ball.

Hua Shengnan hasn't reached that extent yet, but it has also been slightly contracted.

"Did you find out that you have night vision ability, and when you look at moving things, it feels slower than normal?"

Hua Shengnan nodded.

Since last night, she has discovered her own changes, but at that time she didn't think so much.

Now when it was mentioned by Wang Yongsan, Hua Shengnan realized that she was evolving towards a cyborg, and in the end she might become a ragdoll cat cyborg.

She is very confused now and doesn't know what to do.

I wanted to call my grandfather to ask about the cyborg, but I was afraid of exposing myself that I would become a cyborg. At that time, not only would I be embarrassed, but my family would also have to worry about it.

Thinking that she might have to hide and not see people in the future, Hua Shengnan's expression dimmed.








"Don't be afraid, I'm here."

Just when Hua Shengnan felt lost and helpless, Wang Yongsan's voice suddenly sounded.

Hua Shengnan raised her head and saw Wang Yongsan's encouraging smile on his face.

"Commissioner Hua, you are a good person. Even if you become a cyborg, you will definitely be an upright and righteous cyborg. People will not discriminate against you."

Hua Shengnan pursed her lips, "Thank you."

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "It's a bit early to thank me now. In fact, you don't have to do this."

Hua Shengnan didn't understand what he meant.

Wang Yongsan explained, "In fact, there is something called a recovery gene potion. As long as we can find it, even if you become a cyborg, there is a possibility that you will return to your normal appearance."

"Really?" Hua Shengnan's eyes brightened.

She doesn't want to be a cyborg.

With extra cat ears on her head and a cat tail on her butt, just thinking about that look is scary.


Chapter 169:
And besides, what if my tail gets dirty when I use the bathroom?

Hua Shengnan dared not think further.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Don't worry, I said there is, then there must be. And I will help you find the gene restoration medicine. If we can't find it, may I not die a good death."

Alright, here we go again.

Anyway, failure of the mission means death, so what's the harm in showing off a bit?

Hua Shengnan was moved by Wang Yongsan's oath and said with red eyes, "Smelly brat, what do you want this time?"

Wang Yongsan widened his eyes and said, "Look at what you're saying. Am I that kind of person?"

"Yes."

"Uh..."

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

It seems that in Hua Shengnan's heart, he really is a hopeless brat.

"Alright then, if I help you find the gene restoration medicine, you owe me a favor, how about that?" Wang Yongsan said casually.

"Okay."

Hua Shengnan nodded and then added, "But you can't ask me to do anything against principles or the law."

Wang Yongsan sighed and said, "Don't worry, I really haven't done any bad things. The people I killed were all scum."

Hua Shengnan didn't believe him.

Just as she was about to retort, Wang Yongsan's phone suddenly rang.

He took it out and saw that it was from Zhu Changan.

"Don't speak first, I'll answer it."

Wang Yongsan told Hua Shengnan and then pressed the call button.

"Hello, Old Zhu."

Thinking that he had retired, Wang Yongsan called him "Old Zhu." Now knowing that even after retirement, he was still a big figure, Wang Yongsan changed his address to "Zhu Lao."

This kind of attitude towards power, Wang Yongsan himself felt embarrassed.

"Haha, Young Friend doesn't need to be so polite. It's more comfortable if you call me Old Zhu."

"Alright then, Old Zhu, what can I do for you?" Wang Yongsan said.

Since the other party liked it, Wang Yongsan didn't pretend to be humble.

Zhu Changan said, "Young Friend, I heard about what happened last night. You not only uphold justice but also have outstanding abilities. A case that had been suppressed for over a month was solved by you in just one day. That's impressive."

"Hahaha, it's just so-so." Wang Yongsan was humble in his words but couldn't hide his pride all over his body.

Hua Shengnan looked at him and snorted in her heart, thinking that if it weren't for me, you could solve the case by yourself?

"I heard that Young Friend was injured. Is it serious?"

"Do I sound like I'm seriously injured?"

"Haha, not serious is good."

Zhu Changan seemed to have breathed a sigh of relief and then said, "Actually, I called you today for another matter."

"You say." Wang Yongsan said.

"In three days, on the 30th, it's the annual upgrade certification examination day for the Jianghu regulatory department. If your injury isn't serious, you can try it. Otherwise, if you miss it, you'll have to wait another year for the next certification."

The Jianghu regulatory department's examination is held once a quarter, which means every three months.

You can go to practice for the examination during normal times, but the formal examination is only held on these four days. And no matter which day you pass the examination, you have to wait until after the annual upgrade certification examination day to get the Jianghu regulatory certificate.

That Li Baozi was someone who passed the examination on the last day, and he still hasn't received his regulatory certificate.


Chapter 170:
And without obtaining the credentials, even if you pass the examination, you cannot exercise regulatory power.

"Don't worry, I will be there on time in three days." Wang Yongsan has the talent of a glutton, and one meal can heal his injuries. He is not worried about missing the examination at all.

"Alright, I'll give them a call and have you registered."

"Thank you, old Zhu."

"Young friend, there's no need to be polite. You have helped me more. I should thank you."

"Hahaha, then let's not be polite to each other."

The two chatted for a while longer, and Wang Yongsan hung up the phone.

Across from him, Hua Shengnan tried to speak several times but restrained herself. Only then did she finally ask, "Who were you talking to on the phone?"

Wang Yongsan replied nonchalantly, "A friend of mine. What business is it of yours?"

Hua Shengnan asked again, "Is your friend named Zhu Chang'an?"

"Hmm? How do you know? Oh, right. He used to be an official. It's normal for you to know him."

Wang Yongsan never imagined that Hua Shengnan, with her explosive temper, would have a blood relationship with the gentle old Zhu.

Meanwhile, Hua Shengnan also didn't expect Wang Yongsan to have such a good relationship with her grandfather.

Although Zhu Chang'an had specifically called Hua Shengnan before to warn her not to use underhanded methods and told her that if she liked someone, she should pursue them normally.

However, Hua Shengnan only thought that someone from the bureau had informed on her but never imagined it would be Wang Yongsan.

Their relationship was so good that it seemed this case was arranged by her grandfather for Wang Yongsan to replace her.

This was a typical case of bending one's arm to favor others.

Hua Shengnan was seething with anger, while Wang Yongsan on the bed was unapologetic. "Officer Hua, I'm hungry. Can you buy me some food?"

With injuries on his body, Wang Yongsan was not feeling comfortable. He planned to recover first before doing anything else.

Hua Shengnan initially didn't want to help, but seeing Wang Yongsan looking pitiful and considering that he had just offered to help her, she didn't refuse.

"What do you want to eat?"

"I want everything, preferably meat and high-energy food. Also, the quantity should be large. You can buy it as if for ten people."

"Ten people's worth?"

Hua Shengnan thought she had misheard and asked again.

Wang Yongsan nodded, "Yes, if you're not sure, just buy more. Even if it's for twenty people, I can try to eat it all."

Hua Shengnan was speechless.

Not enough for ten people, but can eat twenty people's worth?

Is this guy a glutton?

At the same time,

The municipal government office of Vice Mayor Wang.

Dong dong dong,

"Come in."

Sitting behind the desk with a rotund figure, Vice Mayor Wang was lazily speaking.

A young secretary walked in from the door and reported to Vice Mayor Wang urgently, "Leader, we just received news that your son jumped off a building in the city hospital and committed suicide. He has multiple fractures, and his manhood is ruined. He's currently being rescued."









Chapter 171:
Vice Mayor Wang abruptly stood up from his multi-functional massage office chair,  his face contorted with anger as he shouted at his secretary,  “What did you say? Say it again. ”

The young secretary trembled in fear and replied,  “Your son jumped off a building to commit suicide due to being humiliated.  He ended up becoming disabled and is currently in critical condition undergoing treatment. ”

“Bastard!”

Vice Mayor Wang slammed his hand on the table.

The young secretary was startled,  nearly falling to the ground.

Among the leadership,  Vice Mayor Wang's position was not the highest,  and his backing wasn't the strongest either.  However,  he was cunning in his actions and ruthless in his methods,  so his subordinates would rather offend the mayor than speak ill of Vice Mayor Wang.

Seeing Vice Mayor Wang explode with such fury,  the young secretary knew someone was going to suffer.

“Tell me everything from the beginning,  from start to finish. ” Vice Mayor Wang gritted his teeth.

Wang Hao was his only son,  and anyone who caused his only son to become disabled would not be spared.

The young secretary was prepared and immediately recounted the entire incident,  deliberately exaggerating Wang Yongsan's actions while concealing some of Wang Hao's provocations to shift the blame.

The more Vice Mayor Wang listened,  the angrier he became.  By the time his secretary finished detailing the event,  his face had turned purple with rage.

“How dare a rich second generation not understand the principle of 'the common people should not contend with officials'? ”

“Since you dare to act recklessly relying on your wealth,  don't blame me for plunging your family into despair. ”

Wang Yongsan didn't expect that as a vice mayor,  Wang Hao's father would so openly protect his son.

But even if Wang Yongsan knew,  he wouldn't regret it.

Anyone who dared to be rude to Luo Yusha wouldn't get away with it.  Not even the son of a vice mayor could leave unscathed.

As for any other problems that might arise,  he would deal with them as they came.

Crunch crunch…

Wang Yongsan gnawed on the food that Hua Shengnan had bought.

His hand bones were broken,  so he couldn't hold the food himself; Hua Shengnan had to feed him.  However,  when she brought a chicken leg,  he swallowed it whole without chewing.  When she brought a chicken wing,  he did the same.

Not only did he not chew,  but he also ate the bones along with it.

Hua Shengnan's eyes nearly popped out of her head in astonishment,  exclaiming,  “You stinky brat,  are you a genetically modified person too? A gluttonous one at that? ”

Wang Yongsan sighed,  “What's a gluttonous genetically modified person? Gluttons don't have genes. ”

“Then it must be a meat pig genetically modified person?”

“You're the meat pig!” Wang Yongsan complained,  “I just happen to be able to eat a lot.  Do you have to insult me like this? ”

Able to eat just a little?

Is that considered just a little?

Wang Yongsan had asked for high-calorie food,  but Hua Shengnan,  to embarrass him,  bought back ten roasted ducks and ten roast chickens for him.

However,  given Wang Yongsan's current eating pace,  not only would he likely finish all the food,  but not a single bone would be left behind.

Seeing Hua Shengnan staring at him in disbelief,  even forgetting to feed him,  Wang Yongsan had no choice but to use his hand wrapped in plaster to pick up the food himself.

A chicken? Gone in a few bites.

A duck? Except for the inedible duck butt,  also gone in a few bites.


Chapter 172:
"Hey, slow down. No one's going to steal your food." Hua Shengnan watched him gulp down the food, feeling a bit hungry herself.

But when she looked down…

My goodness!

Where's the chicken?

And the duck?

He ate it all?

"Burp~"

Wang Yongsan let out a belch, patted his belly with satisfaction, and said, "I'm full. This time I really ate my fill."

Hua Shengnan felt like crying but had no tears. In her heart, she thought, "I haven't eaten yet!"

Not even a chicken claw was left for her. This person is too selfish.

It takes time for metabolic energy to work its magic.

For minor injuries and external wounds, recovery can be seen with the naked eye, but for severe ones like fractures or internal injuries, it requires more time.

Wang Yongsan was severely injured this time, so after eating his fill, he needed to rest before recovering.

"Officer Hua, I'm going to take a nap now. If you're tired too, go ahead and rest for a while." After saying this, Wang Yongsan yawned.

Hua Shengnan scorned him inwardly.

This guy, isn't he just waking up?

He sleeps after waking up, eats after sleeping, and is even more gluttonous than a pig.

However, thinking about it, Hua Shengnan is now transforming into a stuffed toy cat gene. Cats are naturally lazy creatures, especially during the day, always looking listless.

Hua Shengnan didn't feel sleepy before, but after Wang Yongsan fell asleep, she felt a bit bored.

Wang Yongsan slept for more than three hours before waking up. When he opened his eyes, Hua Shengnan was asleep at the foot of his bed.

"This guy looks good even when sleeping."

Wang Yongsan smiled, got up, tested his body, and found that he had fully recovered.

He changed out of his hospital clothes and into his own clothes. Wang Yongsan quietly picked up Hua Shengnan and placed her on the bed where he had slept.

This little lazy cat opened her eyes slightly, probably not seeing anything clearly before closing them again. Her expression was exactly like that of a pet cat's reaction.

Wang Yongsan shook his head.

Hua Shengnan's transformation came too quickly. Even with mission-related secrecy, he must find the gene restoration medicine for her as soon as possible. Otherwise, if time passes and she is discovered by others, it would be easy for her to be captured by state organs. With Wang Yongsan's own abilities, it would be difficult to protect her thoroughly.

"I have connections with Zhu Shangchun and owe the Chen family a favor. I can go get a 'Jianghu Supervision Certificate' in three days, which might help block some things for her. But…"

"It can hold off temporarily but not permanently."

"To truly solve the problem, I need to find Blood Skull."

Wang Yongsan muttered to himself.

As he was pondering the path forward, his logical thinking time suddenly ended.

Wang Yongsan felt as if something in his mind had been taken away, leaving him feeling lost.

—Who am I?

—Where am I?

No, no!

These are the thoughts that a transmigrator would have when feeling confused.

Wang Yongsan just suddenly didn't know what direction his future should take.

"Why does my experience end now? Damn it!"

Looking at his points, there were still sixty left.

Wang Yongsan hesitated for a moment but ultimately didn't use them to draw abilities.

At that moment, Luo Yusha arrived.


Chapter 173:
"Yong San, are you okay?" Luo Yusha's voice was filled with surprise.

She worried about Wang Yongsan, set an alarm clock, and forced herself to wake up after only three hours of sleep.

Looking at Luo Yusha with dark circles under her eyes, Wang Yongsan felt deeply apologetic.

"I'm sorry, Shasha, for making you worry."

Luo Yusha pouted and complained;

"Do you even know that someone is worried about you? Can you please not be so desperate in the future?"

"I won't, I absolutely won't anymore." Wang Yongsan said with a smile.

But with the system of seeking death, some things he didn't want to do had to be done, otherwise he would only die without any value.








With Luo Yusha here, Wang Yongsan suddenly knew what to do.

Forget about any missions for now.

Wang Yongsan had been busy left and right, ignoring Luo Yusha a lot. The two of them hadn't eaten together much these days, let alone doing what they used to do often—shopping, listening to music, watching movies.

"Shasha, let's go home?" Wang Yongsan suddenly asked.

"Home?"

Luo Yusha blinked her big eyes: "Which home?"

She and Wang Yongsan haven't lived together yet, so when he mentioned going home, it could only be either her home or Wang Yongsan's.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Silly girl, didn't we already agree that we would go to my house on Sunday? But something came up and delayed it. How about we go together tonight?"

"Tonight?" Luo Yusha was a little nervous but also excited.

"Yes, how about it? Don't you want to go?" Wang Yongsan was also a little nervous. He was afraid that Luo Yusha would have opinions about him because of Lin Shixi.

Luo Yusha gave a slight smile and said, "Of course I want to go. It's just that I didn't expect it would be so sudden."

"That's great! Since you agreed, I'll call home now."

Wang Yongsan happily took out his phone and called his parents to share the good news.

Last time he had already hinted to his parents, but they didn't set a specific time. This meeting would be tonight, and both Wang Dad and Wang Mom agreed readily.

Luo Yusha needed to dress up properly since she was going to meet the parents tonight.

She originally had classes in the afternoon, but she skipped them and went to get her hair done with Wang Yongsan.

Getting your hair done is not the same as getting a haircut; it takes a long time. By the time Wang Yongsan and Luo Yusha were done, it was already close to evening.

"Let's go, Mom should be waiting at home by now." Wang Yongsan hailed a taxi and invited Luo Yusha to sit in the backseat before joining her.

Wang Yongsan's family was wealthy, living in a luxurious house that wasn't quite a villa but had an extremely large area.

When they arrived home, Wang Yongsan unlocked the door and was stunned by what he saw inside.

"Third Aunt, Sixth Aunt, Eighth Uncle, why are all of you here?"

The spacious living room of Wang Yongsan's house was packed with people.

Not only were the sofas already occupied, but there were also quite a few people standing in the empty spaces.

Nearly all of Wang Yongsan's close and distant relatives were there, including some who didn't communicate often. Even relatives from nearby cities in Linjiang had come over.

"Big Yong is back."

"Oh my, our Big Yong is truly handsome! Look at how tall and fair he is; he's definitely a blessed person."

</div>


Chapter 174:
"Yeah, how could Miss Chen's family have taken a liking to Da Yong?"

"This must be Miss Chen, hearing is not as good as seeing. She truly lives up to her reputation as the most beautiful woman in Linjiang. Meeting you is our blessing from eight lifetimes ago."

Miss Chen's family?

Your uncle, so all these relatives came over just to see Chen Ran?

At this moment, Aunt Wang rushed out of the kitchen.

Seeing that Wang Yong San did not bring Chen Ran, Aunt Wang was clearly taken aback.

But Aunt Wang is a woman of the world; she quickly recovered and, with a hearty laugh, rushed forward to say, "Oh my! You're here. Please come in quickly, son. What are you standing there for? Introduce the girl to everyone!"

Following Aunt Wang's lead, Wang Yong San said, "Mom, uncles and aunts, this is my girlfriend, Luo Yu Sha."

Then he turned to Luo Yu Sha and said, "Shasha, this is my mother. Everyone here are our relatives."

Luo Yu Sha met so many people for the first time; she maintained her composure and smiled, saying, "Auntie, uncles and aunts, hello."

There was a bit of awkwardness in the living room.

Previously, they had all heard that Wang Yong San was dating Miss Chen's family, but who would have thought that he would bring back another girl?

An older woman among them asked, "Yong San ah, what does your girlfriend do?"

Wang Yong San replied, "Shasha and I are from the same school; she is a staff member of our student union."

"Oh, from the student union? She must be quite capable. What about her family then?" The older woman asked seemingly casually.

This was a topic of interest for everyone; not only the older woman, but others also pricked up their ears.

Luo Yu Sha maintained her dignity and said, "My parents are both ordinary workers; they work in an electronics factory."

"Electronics factory?"

The older woman let out a mocking laugh, but then realizing her impoliteness, she covered her mouth and forced herself to stop.

There were also some inexplicable emotions in the eyes of others.

From Miss Chen's family to becoming the daughter of electronics factory workers, most relatives would feel it was a pity, but there were also a few who felt schadenfreude.

Especially this older woman.

Both her family and Wang Yong San's family were among the best in terms of living standards in this generation of the Wang family. Usually, both families were on par with each other, but if Wang Yong San had started dating Chen Ran, her family would have to fawn over Wang Yong San's family without even daring to harbor any thoughts of comparison.

But now, both sides were back on the same starting line, and her son was even more successful than Wang Yong San. Of course, she would be proud.

Wang Yong San saw that Luo Yu Sha's smile was somewhat strained, and he felt uncomfortable himself.

"Second Aunt, this is Shasha's first time coming over; can you stop asking so many questions?"

The older woman laughed, "Stupid child, bringing a girlfriend home is for everyone to get acquainted. How can we know each other's family backgrounds without asking? Right, little Luo?"

Luo Yu Sha forced a smile and said, "Auntie is right."

Wang Yong San felt somewhat unhappy.

Asking questions is fine, but what does that sneer mean?

Aunt Wang saw her son was unhappy and felt a bit helpless.


Chapter 175:
This middle-aged woman, though also a family member, was not invited by Auntie Wang because of their poor character. Instead, she came on her own initiative.

Moreover, not only did she come, but it was also heard that her husband and son would arrive shortly.

Auntie Wang disliked this family, but since they were relatives, on such a day, she couldn't just send them away.

However, if Wang Yongsan brought back Chen Ran, it would be fine, but now he brings back Luo Yusha. Auntie Wang couldn't help but worry about what this family might say later.

Auntie Wang was worried when the doorbell rang and someone was at the door.

Upon opening the door, it turned out to be the husband and son of the middle-aged woman.

"Second Brother is here, please come in," Auntie Wang greeted with a smile and invited them into the house.

"Alright, alright, don't be too polite," said the middle-aged man with a smile on his face. As soon as he entered, he lowered his head and bent his waist in greeting.

Behind him followed a man in his mid-twenties who smiled and greeted Auntie Wang, "Third Aunt, I heard that Third Brother has a girlfriend. Is she here?"

As he spoke, Wang Yongli's eyes had already looked past Auntie Wang into the house.

Wang Yongsan and Luo Yusha had just entered the house and were standing not far from the door when Wang Yongli saw them at a glance.

"Who is this?" asked the man called Second Brother by Auntie Wang.

"This is Dareng's girlfriend, Luo Yusha?" Auntie Wang introduced with a hardened scalp.

She had anticipated that the second brother, who was so mercenary, would say something unpleasant upon hearing that it wasn't Chen Ran.








"Luo Yusha? Isn't Third Brother's girlfriend from the Chen family?" asked Wang Yongsan's Second Uncle with a frown.

The young man behind him also lost his smile.

Wang Yongsan took a step forward and said with a calm smile, "Second Uncle, Brother Yongli, this is my girlfriend Luo Yusha. I and Chen Ran are just acquaintances, not even ordinary friends. The last time we were together was to perform a scene for her. Please don't misunderstand."

So it was just an act after all.

The relatives in the living room finally understood what had happened.

Auntie Wang sighed and said, "Why didn't you tell Mom earlier about this?"

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and said speechlessly, "I told you both last time, but you didn't believe me. I brought Shasha back this time to explain everything clearly to you."

Last time, Wang Yongsan had said in front of his parents that Chen Ran wasn't his girlfriend, but neither Dad nor Mom believed him. It was even more difficult to explain over the phone.

So Wang Yongsan didn't inform them in advance this time that his girlfriend wasn't Chen Ran.

Unexpectedly, Dad and Mom had contacted all the relatives to come together and welcome his girlfriend, resulting in this awkward situation.

Suddenly, Wang Yongli, who had just entered the house, sneered and said, "I thought so. How could Miss Chen from the Chen family possibly fancy Yongsan?"

"Yongli, how are you talking?" scolded Second Uncle Wang Chengkun with a slightly furrowed brow, lightly reprimanding his son.


Chapter 176:
Wang Yongli smirked and said with a hint of malice, "I'm just speaking the truth. However, this woman looks quite pure and innocent; she doesn't seem to have been 'developed' by many men. Although her clothes are simple, she should be a decent match for your family."

After he finished speaking, everyone in the living room frowned.

As family members, even though they were disappointed by Wang Yongsan's girlfriend, no one would speak in such a manner.

Except for Wang Yongli's family, who relied on their power and influence. They seldom interacted with the other families. This was their first meeting in a long time, yet they spoke with such an attitude.

"Yongli Ge (Older Brother Yongli), please speak with more respect."

Wang Yongsan's voice turned cold.

In his heart, Luo Yusha was closer than this seldom-seen cousin. Moreover, it was his cousin who started the trouble for no reason.

If it were someone else, Wang Yongsan would have taught them a lesson just for that earlier statement.

"Respect?"

Wang Yongli sneered, "Respect is established when both parties have equal status and strength. Would you show respect to a pig? If not, don't talk about respect with me."

"So you think your family's status and power are higher than ours, so you can disrespect us?" Wang Yongsan asked with suppressed anger.

Wang Yongli laughed, "I didn't say that. But if you want to think so, I won't deny it either."

The atmosphere in the living room grew tense.

Wang Ma (Mother Wang) held Wang Yongsan's hand, trying to calm him down. At the same time, she spoke to Wang Yongli's father with a hint of disdain, "Elder Brother (Elder Brother Wang), today is Yongsan's first time bringing his girlfriend home. Could you please tell Yongli to behave?"

Wang Chengkun chuckled, "Young people are always hot-headed. Besides, you know Yongli's job is quite special; he has to suppress those scumbag gangsters, so he can't be too gentle."

"But this is at home, and we are not gangsters," Wang Ma's tone was stern.

Most of the relatives in the living room were invited by her, but Wang Yongli's family just showed up unannounced and started causing trouble. As a strong-willed woman, Wang Ma was not pleased with this behavior.

"Alright then, regardless of what happened, you are the host here. Yongli, apologize to your Third Aunt (Third Aunt Wang)."

The Wang family had power, but the Wang Yongsan family had money. Both families were among the best off in their generation, so Wang Chengkun wanted to give Wang Ma some face.

However, Wang Yongli was overly arrogant.

"Dad, I didn't say anything wrong. Why should I apologize just because she is an elder? If you don't want me here, I can leave. Anyway, I have no interest in chatting with you commoners."

This statement wasn't just aimed at Wang Yongsan's family but also included the other relatives.

"Wang Yongli, how dare you speak like that?"

"This child used to be quite polite. How did he become like this now?"

"Just because he's some kind of supervisor? Who even knows what that job is. What's there to be proud of?"

"Elder Brother, your family has some issues with education."

Faced with the unanimous condemnation from everyone in the room, Wang Yongli just laughed.


Chapter 177:
"Look at these people, each one of them smiling on the surface, but actually having an inflated ego. To tell you the truth, you wouldn't like what I have to say, so I won't say it. I'll just leave the General Assembly now."

Wang Yongli turned around and prepared to leave.

At that moment,

The door of Wang Yongsan's house was violently smashed open by someone, and three men in sportswear walked in with their heads held high.

"Martial artists?"

Wang Yongsan immediately recognized that the three were unusual.

Activating his art of observing Qi.

The physiques of the three were 13, 13, and 15.

They were all in the Body Tempering Realm, with physiques slightly stronger than Wang Yongsan's. However, they might know martial techniques, making their overall combat strength stronger than Wang Yongsan's, who hadn't had enough to eat.

"Martial artists are handling business here; irrelevant people, move aside."

The leader with a physique of 15 spoke arrogantly.

Wang Yongli was closest to them and sneered upon hearing this: "You guys are not taking people seriously at all, huh?"

All three of them looked at him.

It was still the leader who asked: "Warrior?"

Wang Yongli didn't speak but took out an ID card from his pocket and held it in the air for the other party to see.

After looking at it, the leader sneered: "Not bad; you've already passed the exam to become an inspector at a young age."

Wang Yongli boasted: "It seems you recognize this ID card; so, are you planning to make me report it or settle it privately?"

"Of course, we'll settle it privately."

"Alright then; since you want to settle it privately, let's find a secluded room and talk properly."

After saying this, Wang Yongli asked Auntie Wang: "Third Aunt, can you find me a quiet room to use?"

These people had smashed their door; obviously, they were looking for trouble with his family.

Although Wang Yongli's tone wasn't polite, he was still helping his family.

Auntie Wang realized the seriousness of the situation and quickly said, "Okay; you can follow me."

Wang Yongli smirked and waved to the three men: "Follow me."

Then he turned around and led them inside.

However, the private settlement those three martial artists mentioned wasn't the kind Wang Yongli had imagined; instead, they intended to kill him directly.

The moment Wang Yongli turned around, the leader among them, a martial artist at the fifth level of Body Tempering, suddenly threw a punch straight towards his back.








It happened so quickly that even Wang Yongli's father, who was closest to him, only had time to open his mouth but couldn't even shout the word "be careful" before the punch had already reached Wang Yongli's back.

"Die!"

A bloodthirsty light appeared in the martial artist's eyes.

He had used all his strength in that punch, and his target was the other party's back; as long as it hit, the other party would surely die.

At that moment, Wang Yongli also noticed something was wrong; as the punch behind him approached, an inexplicable sense of fear rose in his heart.

He wanted to look back and see what was happening, but it was too late.

'Bang!'

The force of the punch hit him.

Facing the threat of death, Wang Yongli's mind became more focused than ever; he even felt the other party's fierce punch force, which was penetrating his skin and infiltrating his body.


Chapter 178:
"It's over, I'm dead."

This was Wang Yongli's thought at the time.

He could react, but he couldn't dodge.

Because the speed of human body reaction is far inferior to that of the brain, all he could do at this time was wait for death.

Wang Yongli had already lost hope.

But the next moment, Wang Yongsan who was standing not far in front of him suddenly "swish" and reached out his hand, grabbed his collar with one hand, and pulled him forward violently, pulling him out of the range of attack behind him.

"Hmm?"

The martial artist who punched was stunned for a moment.

He had been ambushing, and he had used all his strength. If someone could save a person under such quick attack, then the young man in front of him must also be a martial artist.

"Be careful."

"Son."

At this time, Wang Chengkun and Wang Yongli's mother's voices just came out.

Wang Yongli was so scared by the fear that his heart almost stopped beating. Looking at Wang Yongsan who pulled him back from death, he widened his eyes and opened his mouth without saying a word.

The people in the living room realized that something big had happened.

But they were all ordinary people, like Wang Yongsan before, and none of them had ever seen a real martial artist. They thought they were just some small ruffians.

Someone started to support them.

"Hey, who are you? Why did you hit someone? "

"Just breaking in like this, do you have any rules?"

"Burst into someone else's house and want to hit people? Do you think we, the men of the Wang family, have no temper? "

"Call the police, call the police quickly and arrest these bastards. Let's see how they can be arrogant then."

In the room, there were not only aunts and aunts, but also uncles, uncles and uncle-in-laws.

The Wang family was thriving, except for Wang Yongli's family, the other families still cared about their relatives. When they saw someone coming to their door, all the men surrounded them.

"Second uncle-in-law, fourth uncle, fifth uncle, and everyone step back. These people are martial artists. You mustn't act rashly."

Wang Yongsan stared at the three people closely with his eyes, while his hands stopped the elders who wanted to come forward and fight.

The several Wang family elders were angry:

"What is a martial artist? We are not afraid."

"That's right, one punch can't beat four hands. We have so many people here, are we afraid of their three martial artists?"

Wang Yongli, who had been stunned by the feeling of death just now, finally recovered.

He gasped for breath, his heart was beating violently, but he sneered: "a group of ignorant people, really have no knowledge, even martial artists do not know, and dare to brag here."

"Yongli, I've recognized you for a long time just now. Even if you mix well outside, you are still a junior when you come back home. How dare you talk to your elders like that?"

Fourth uncle stared at his bull's eyes and shouted at Wang Yongli.

Wang Yongli sneered: "I'm just telling the truth. If you don't want to listen, go up and fight with them. Then if you die, don't blame me."

'Pa'.

A crisp sound came out.

Wang Yongli covered his face and couldn't believe it: "You dare to hit me?"

Wang Yongsan said calmly, "I not only dare to hit you, but if you dare to insult my family again, I will cripple you, believe it or not?"

```


Chapter 179:
"Just you?” Wang Yongli gritted his teeth and said with suppressed anger: “If it weren't for the fact that you helped me just now, I would have shown you how to write the word 'death'.”

Pa-pa-pa.

Clapping sounds came from the door.

Three martial artists stood there with expressions as if they were enjoying a good show, watching this family.

The leading one laughed: “What a wonderful family! If it weren't for fear that the night would be long and filled with dreams, causing certain people to take notice, we brothers really wanted to stay here longer and enjoy the show.”

Wang Yongli couldn't quite grasp the situation, so he loudly questioned: “Who are you people? How dare you attack a supervisor? Are you not afraid of being sanctioned by the regulatory department?”

“It doesn't matter who we are. What matters is that, originally, we just wanted to cripple some people. Since there's a supervisor here, we can only kill you all to silence you.” The three martial artists advanced step by step, their fists clenched tightly.

It was evident that these individuals were all martial artists skilled in boxing techniques.

Wang Yongli felt a sense of fear creeping up on him.

He was well aware of his own capabilities; last year, he had just broken through the Washing Marrow Realm and after becoming a supervisor, he started acting arrogantly everywhere, earning bribes. To this day, he was still at the first layer of Washing Marrow Realm.

If he were given any martial artist as an opponent now, there was no way he could win, let alone three of them.

“Hold them off!”

Wang Yongsan suddenly spoke up.

Wang Yongli cursed: “Hold your mother! Do you know who they are?”

Wang Yongsan glared: “I'm warning you one last time. If you continue to speak rudely to my family, I will cripple you!”

Wang Yongli wanted to explode in anger, but when he saw Wang Yongsan's gaze, for some reason, he felt a trace of fear.

The three martial artists were collectively stronger than Wang Yongsan, not to mention Wang Yongli who was slightly weaker.

Wang Yongsan had only 60 points, and it would be impossible for him to defeat them by purchasing a physique.

Now, the only chance was to draw some powerful combat abilities.

With 60 points, he could draw six times.

The chances were quite high.

As they spoke, the opponents had already made their move.

The person closest to the three martial artists was Wang Chengkun, who hadn't even had time to react before he was kicked away by one of them.

‘Bang.’

His body heavily crashed into the wall, and when he fell to the ground, Wang Chengkun was already spitting blood and unconscious.

“Dad!”

“Second Brother!”

“Old Wang!”

The sudden attack made everyone's hearts tense up.

A kick that could send someone flying three meters against the wall—such strength was indeed beyond the capabilities of normal people. However, now that they had started fighting, there was no chance for the Wang family to avoid conflict.

Especially Wang Yongli.

Although this guy was foul-mouthed and didn't treat Wang Yongsan and the others like family, he cared deeply about his parents.

Seeing his father being kicked to the point where his life and death were unknown, Wang Yongli's eyes turned red.

“Bastards! How dare you hurt my father? I'll kill all of you!”

Wang Yongli took the lead, and Uncle Four and Uncle Five also rushed forward together.

However, the disparity in strength was too evident; it wasn't something that could be made up for with just a burst of enthusiasm.









Chapter 180:
```
Warriors with a constitution of over eleven points, in a certain sense, are no longer the same species as ordinary people.

In less than twenty seconds, Wang Yongli and several elders had already been knocked to the ground.

"Hmm, I thought this place was hiding tigers and dragons, but it's just like that."

The leading martial artist looked down on the people writhing in pain on the ground with a disdainful expression.

A soft sob came from inside the room, and only then did they realize what kind of existence the martial artist mentioned by Wang Yongli was.

Unfortunately, it was too late.

"Why? What did we do wrong? Who are you guys?" Wang Ma desperately questioned.

She and Wang Dad had been honest in their lives, even if there were some issues with business, it wouldn't have led to this extent.

"How would I know what you did? All I can tell you is that you offended someone you shouldn't have."

After saying this, the leading martial artist paused and said to his two junior brothers, "It's getting late, let's send them on their way."

"Yes."

The two junior brothers took large strides forward, and from their demeanor, it seemed they didn't intend to spare the women either.

Luo Yusha had been standing there since just now, and as she saw one of them approaching Wang Yongsan, she suddenly mustered her courage and stepped forward to stand in front of Wang Yongsan.

"Hey, a little beauty?"

Junior Brother A licked his lips and asked the leading martial artist, "Elder brother, I really like this woman. Can you let me take her back and play with her for a few days?"

The elder brother coldly replied, "Whatever you want. But hurry up; it's already been three minutes. If the police arrive, we'll have some trouble leaving."

"Did you hear that? Little girl, just follow me quietly. Otherwise, I'll have to get rough."

Junior Brother A smiled and reached out to grab Luo Yusha.

Luo Yusha instinctively stepped back and leaned against Wang Yongsan's chest.

At that moment, a large hand wrapped around her waist. Behind her, the person who had been silent for half a minute finally spoke.

"It's okay now, I'll handle this."

Hearing this voice, Luo Yusha inexplicably felt a sense of peace.

She looked up and turned around, it was him right in front of her, smiling. Luo Yusha found that there seemed to be some red starlight gathering in his eyes.

But when she looked closely, it seemed like just an illusion.

"Yongsan?"

"Don't worry."

The three-year love marathon was just a simple exchange of words, and both understood each other's intentions.

Wang Yongsan released Luo Yusha and let her retreat.

Junior Brother A was still smiling, his mouth curled up as he said, "Seeing your woman being taken away, you finally muster the courage to resist?"

"Resist?"

Wang Yongsan corrected, "You're wrong. I'm not resisting, but rather..."

"Punishing."

As the word punishment fell, a point of red starlight suddenly appeared in Wang Yongsan's eyes.

These starlights quickly gathered together, forming the shape of a flame.

Wang Yongsan pointed his finger and said, "Die!"

Before Junior Brother A could understand what was happening, he felt a sudden burning pain all over his body.
```


Chapter 181:
He looked down and saw a flame the size of a ping-pong ball burning in the heart area where Wang Yong's three fingers had just been. It was consuming his body.

At this moment, Wang Yong's clothes had already been burned through, and the fire was starting to burn his skin, causing him intense pain.

"What? How did it catch fire?"

Disciple A was in a state of confusion and subconsciously tried to put out the fire with his hand.

A flame the size of a ping-pong ball should have been easily extinguished with one slap, but when Disciple A's hand slapped it, the fire not only failed to go out but instead split into parts and stuck to his hand.

"Ahhhh, it hurts so much! I'm burning up, I'm burning up!"

The intense heat and prolonged pain made it impossible to find relief, whether in life or death.

Disciple A was panicked and kept slapping his body, trying to extinguish the fire on his hand.

However, every time he slapped a new spot, it would ignite another area. In the blink of an eye, his entire body was engulfed in flames.

"Ahhhhh, save me, Senior Brother, save me!"

His screams were so tragic that it sounded like hell on earth.

The expressions of the Senior Brother and Disciple B became solemn.

They couldn't understand what was happening; why would their fellow disciple suddenly catch fire, and even more strangely, the flames seemed to stick wherever they touched and couldn't be extinguished no matter how hard they tried.

Wang Yong looked at the burning figure in front of him, slightly raised the corners of his mouth, and asked Senior Brother and Disciple B with a half-smile:

"Do you know? Dark red flames are actually quite weak. Their highest temperature is only around 600 degrees Celsius. At this temperature, it would take about ten minutes to burn a person alive if we don't consider the lack of oxygen caused by the fire."

"And for us martial artists, our bodies are stronger, so it would take even longer to burn."

Upon hearing Wang Yong's words, both Senior Brother and Disciple B felt a chill down their spines.

This young man in front of them not only wanted to kill but also wanted the victim to struggle in an unbearable pain until they reached complete despair.

It was too cruel.

"Run!"

Disciple B, who had a smaller heart, ignored his fellow disciple's suffering and turned to run outside without hesitation.

But as soon as he turned around, a golden-colored flame appeared in Wang Yong's eyes.

The temperature of this golden flame was obviously much higher than the red one, and when it landed on Disciple B's feet, it instantly turned his two feet into charcoal.

With a 'thud,' Disciple B fell to the ground.

"Ahhhh, what happened to my feet?" Disciple B looked at his charred feet with fear written all over his face.

At this moment, even the relatives of the Wang family were shocked by Wang Yong's cruel methods.

"Yong San, don't do this."

Luo Yusha gently called out to Wang Yong from behind.

She was a kind person. Although these people had malicious intentions, Luo Yusha felt that it would be better to let the police arrest them. Even if they had to kill them, there was no need for such cruel torture.

Wang Yong knew what she meant, but he had his own reasons.

"Who are you? Why can you control fire? There is no such evil art in the martial world. Who are you?" Senior Brother asked with a serious expression.


Chapter 182:
He saw it clearly just now, Wang Yongsan didn't even move at all, he only glanced over and the golden flames ignited on his junior brother's feet.

Such an unpreventable attack, even if I move faster, there is no escape.

Rather than a meaningless struggle, it's better to die with understanding.

"Who am I? You have no right to know, but I can give you a chance to die more easily." Wang Yongsan's face was cold and indifferent as he said.

"You want to ask, who sent us here right?" The senior brother said in a deep voice.

Wang Yongsan sneered and pointed at the junior brother A who was burned into a curled up ball on the ground: "It seems that you are not completely stupid, but I advise you not to lie to me, otherwise you will die even worse than him."








When a person is burned, the tendons in their body will contract. At this moment, Junior Brother A has curled up into a ball due to being burned for too long.

The senior brother among the three looked at his junior brother's pitiful state and couldn't help but let out a bitter smile.

Originally, he thought it was a good job, but who would have thought that stepping on this task would lead straight to the underworld.

Now he doesn't even dare to hope for survival, as long as he can die more easily without suffering too much, he would burn incense in gratitude.

"I won't lie." The senior brother said bitterly: "That bastard client told us you were an ordinary family, otherwise we would never come to cause trouble for you."

Wang Yongsan sneered: "Is it too late to say these things now?"

The senior brother looked desperate: "Yes, I also know it's useless to say more now, as long as you can give me a quick death after I tell you who the client is."

"Although Wang Yongsan is not a famous person, I can still keep my word. But if you continue to talk nonsense, then I won't waste my time talking with you anymore." Wang Yongsan had fire in his eyes and heart.

Wang Yongsan felt deep guilt for hurting his family.

He now wished he could immediately kill these three guys, but in order to find out who was behind harming his family, Wang Yongsan had to wait for a moment.

However, this waiting has its limits.

"Speak quickly!" Wang Yongsan shouted loudly.

"Yes, I'll say it."

The senior brother gritted his teeth; now that death is imminent, there's no need to uphold righteousness anymore.

"The person who hired us is Vice Mayor Wang Gang."

"Vice Mayor Wang? Wang Hao's father?"

Wang Yongsan immediately realized who it was.

The senior brother didn't know Wang Hao, but he had heard Wang Gang mention the reason for revenge before, so he nodded and said: "It should be him. Wang Gang said you injured his son, so he wanted to make you watch your loved ones suffer and then kill you while you're in pain."

So that's how it is.

Wang Yongsan felt both hatred and anger in his heart.

He initially thought it was his father's business rivals who were offended, but he didn't expect these people to be targeting him.

It is said that misfortune should not involve family, but this Wang Gang actually wanted to retaliate against his own family members; he must die.

The flames in Wang Yongsan's eyes burned even brighter once again.

"Do you have anything else to say?"

The senior brother's face was covered in tears as he cried out: "No, nothing more. Please don't torture me anymore."


Chapter 183:
```
Wang Yongsan let out a cold laugh: “Don’t worry, I always keep my word. You can go to die now.”

Phew~

A ball of white-gold flames appeared above the senior brother’s head. Before he could even let out a scream, his head was burned through with a hole.

His brain was scorched dry, and he was already dead beyond any doubt.

Wang Yongsan then turned his gaze towards Junior Brother B.

Earlier, Wang Yongsan had only burned his feet, and he was already of no use. Wang Yongsan also had no intention of sparing his life.

With a glance, golden flames appeared above him as well, and Junior Brother B was instantly killed.

The unluckiest one was Junior Brother A. At this moment, his vocal cords were burned by the flames, and he couldn’t even let out a scream. His body was also curled up from the pain, only showing his painful twisting movements without the initial frenzied struggle.

“You can also go to die now.”

Wang Yongsan gave him a quick death.

The golden flames rose, and Junior Brother A was finally liberated.

Wang Yongsan was never a sadistic person. He had acted excessively earlier because he was feeling agitated and wanted to force them to reveal the person behind them. That’s why he had gone too far with his actions.

Otherwise, even to prevent scaring Luo Yusha and the relatives, he wouldn’t have used such cruel methods.

“Yongli, are you alright?”

“Elder Brother Yongsan, how about you?”

“Old Wang, Old Wang, don’t scare me!”

As the three martial artists were already dead beyond any doubt, the women in the family finally reacted one by one and checked on their men’s safety.

Fortunately, although they were all severely injured, none of them had died.

Especially Wang Yongli, who was also a martial artist after all. Although he had suffered the worst beating, his physical fitness was strong, making him the one with the least injuries.

“Mom, I’m fine.”

Wang Yongli had always been conscious and witnessed Wang Yongsan’s performance from start to finish.

It was laughable that he had previously thought this cousin of his was useless and still considered him the cowardly wimp from before.

He never expected that this person’s strength would be something he had never even heard of.

“Elder Brother, I’m sorry.”

Wang Yongli sincerely apologized.

Martial artists revere the strong, and Wang Yongli was no exception.

Previously, because he had become a martial artist supervisor, Wang Yongli had been inflated for an entire year, not knowing how high the sky was or how deep the earth was, and even disdained his own relatives.

However, after today, he would definitely mature a lot.

“Mom, I’m fine.”

Wang Yongli had always been conscious and witnessed Wang Yongsan’s performance from start to finish.

It was laughable that he had previously thought this cousin of his was useless and still considered him the cowardly wimp from before.

He never expected that this person’s strength would be something he had never even heard of.

“Elder Brother, I’m sorry.”

Wang Yongli sincerely apologized.

Martial artists revere the strong, and Wang Yongli was no exception.

Previously, because he had become a martial artist supervisor, Wang Yongli had been inflated for an entire year, not knowing how high the sky was or how deep the earth was, and even disdained his own relatives.

However, after today, he would definitely mature a lot.

“You don’t need to apologize to me; you should apologize to our elders instead.”

Wang Yongsan furrowed his brows and wore a serious expression: “Elder Brother Yongli, I don’t know why you wanted to become a martial artist, but I know my own reasons. I want to become stronger so that I can protect the people around me.”

“Otherwise, even if you have more power and wealth, what’s the use if there are no family members to share it with you?”

Wang Yongli was truly ashamed.

Not only was his strength inferior to this cousin of his, but his state of mind also fell far short.

“Elder Brother, thank you; I know what to do from now on.” Wang Yongli sincerely said.

Wang Yongsan shook his head: “It’s me who should thank you. If it weren’t for the half-minute time you bought for me earlier, we might all have died.”

When the topic shifted to the battle just now, Wang Yongli immediately became spirited.
```


Chapter 184:
He was always a martial arts fanatic since childhood, seeking out masters and teachers everywhere he went. By chance, he was taken in by a martial artist from the Jianghu and thus entered the world of martial arts.

However, his master was just an ordinary martial artist who hadn't even reached the Congealing Meridians Realm, so he could offer very little in terms of knowledge and guidance.

Therefore, when faced with the flames that Wang Yongsan had just used, he couldn't comprehend them at all.

"Cousin, what kind of martial art did you use just now? Or perhaps the path you cultivate isn't martial arts?"

In the Jianghu, there were countless factions and sects, with martial arts being the most flourishing among them.

Apart from that, there were also Gu techniques, Divine Incantations, Feng Shui arts, and the Tianji Dao.

However, because those unconventional paths required immense cultivation resources, even if they still had surviving lineages now, they were already extremely rare.

What Wang Yongsan used was a superpower—Pyrokinesis, which allowed him to extract fire elements from the air and condense them into flames for attacks.

Depending on the temperature of the condensed flames, the amount of spiritual energy consumed would also vary.

Wang Yongsan didn't know how to explain this ability, so he could only shake his head and say, "It's alright, Cousin Yongli. I can't tell you about this."

"Oh, I understand, I understand. It's fine, I was just asking casually. Cousin, don't take it to heart." Wang Yongli quickly reassured him with a smile.

Discussions about martial arts were taboo among martial artists in the Jianghu. Generally, they wouldn't talk about martial arts when chatting with each other. If Wang Yongsan wasn't his cousin, just this question alone would be enough for him to flip out.

"Wuu wuu, Old Wang, don't scare me. You have to wake up!"

A wail of sorrow suddenly came from the side.

It turned out that Uncle Five was severely injured and coughing up blood, on the verge of death.








The ambulance had already been called, but it would take some time for it to arrive. Seeing that several elders were in critical condition, Wang Yongsan became anxious as well.

"Heavenly Father, please bless me. I still have three chances to draw abilities left; you must let me draw a life-saving ability!"

The only life-saving ability was the superpower—Healing.

Wang Yongsan had already drawn one superpower earlier, and to draw two consecutive superpowers within six chances required immense luck.

"I have no choice but to try. Draw an ability!"

Wang Yongsan shouted inwardly, and the draw wheel began to spin.

Ten seconds later…

The wheel stopped spinning.

The pointer indicated the three-day trial of the logical ability.

"Damn it! This isn't the time for logical abilities, System Bro, please help me out!"

"Continue drawing!"

The wheel spun again and stopped this time on the Cat's Eye ability.

"Aaaaaah! This is my last chance, Big Bro, please, I beg you. Let me draw the Healing ability!"

The wheel spun for the third time.

This was Wang Yongsan's last ten points of recklessness points, and once he drew them all, there would be no more left.

As the wheel was about to stop, it seemed far from reaching the superpower—Healing, and Wang Yongsan had already completely lost hope.

"You bastard! I've been diligently completing tasks, but now that my relatives are about to die, you, this damn system, won't even lend a helping hand. Don't you have any humanity?"

Wang Yongsan cursed inwardly.

These relatives were injured because of him, and if any of them died in the end, Wang Yongsan would never be able to rest easy for the rest of his life.

"Ding…"


Chapter 185:
At that moment, the wheel finally came to a complete stop.

The system's prompt voice sounded emotionless.

"Congratulations on obtaining the activation ability (3-day trial), would you like to extract it immediately?"

Activation?

What was this supposed to mean?

Was there an invitation code after all?

Wang Yongsan had initially given up hope for this ability, but upon taking a casual glance at it, he almost jumped with excitement the next second.

"Hahaha, there's hope now!"

His unrestrained laughter drew the attention of several relatives, who all looked at him with a mix of anger in their eyes.

The man who had just died had mentioned that today's events were all caused by Wang Yongsan, and now several elders were severely injured and close to death. Yet here he was, laughing out loud.

"Yongsan."

Luo Yusha pulled Wang Yongsan hard, her eyes filled with reproach.

Wang Yongsan realized he had gotten carried away and laughed awkwardly, "Sorry, I suddenly thought of a way to save everyone, so I got too excited."

Upon hearing Wang Yongsan's words, the family elders brightened up.

However, their expressions quickly dimmed again.

Being relatives, they were well aware of Wang Yongsan's situation. Although they didn't know where he had learned the ability to create fire, medicine was different from controlling fire.

Controlling fire might require talent or guidance from a master to learn.

But medicine, without decades of research and clinical experience, there hadn't been anyone who could save lives.

Especially now that several relatives were severely injured, even a small hospital might not be able to treat them. Not to mention Wang Yongsan was currently bare-handed, without any medical instruments or even auxiliary treatment drugs.

"Yongsan, your fourth uncle was injured because of you, it's fine if you laugh like an idiot, but how can you not repent and make up such a lie to deceive us?"

"The greater the expectation, the greater the disappointment. If you don't have this ability, don't joke about such matters."

"Aunties, my old Wang might not be able to wait for the ambulance. I'll take him to the hospital in my car."

"Wait for me, I'm going with you."

"With the ambulance taking at least ten minutes, let's all go together. It can save us a few minutes at least."

The female relatives were all of the same mind, striving to save time and go to the hospital.

Wang Yongsan felt a bit speechless.

He had indeed gotten carried away earlier, but he didn't expect this laughter to earn him so many disapproving glances.

As several aunts were about to recklessly carry the injured downstairs, Wang Yongsan quickly stepped forward to stop them.

"Auntie, don't move them around like that. Fourth Uncle and the others are severely injured; their internal organs might have shifted. Moving them like this will cause secondary injuries to them."

Fourth Aunt cried, "What else can we do? Waiting any longer will lead to death; we might as well treat them like living horses for a dying horse."

The aunts all had red eyes, but no one stopped moving.

Some carried their injured husbands on their backs, while others dragged them by their upper bodies out the door. Even Wang Ma and Luo Yusha were ready to help, intending to carry the injured downstairs.

They wanted to save time; not a single minute could be wasted.


Chapter 186:
"Who knows, maybe it will only take one more minute before the person cannot be saved anymore, and then it would be too late to regret.

"Auntie, Auntie, please let me try! "

Wang Yongsan stopped everyone and took the most injured uncle from his aunt's arms.

"Big Brother, don't cause trouble, or there won't be enough time! " Aunt Wang was a little angry.

Although her son had changed a lot recently, as she said before, medicine is different from other things. Even if Wang Yongsan had never studied it and even if he had, without years of practice, he wouldn't dare to save someone casually.

"Mom, don't you believe me either? "

Wang Yongsan was a little anxious.

To activate his ability, he needed quiet conditions. If the aunties and aunts didn't believe him and kept interfering, he wouldn't be able to save anyone.

"I can really save people. Even if you don't believe me, just watch. I won't be able to fully cure them, but I will definitely make sure they can hold on until we get to the hospital. If any uncle or elder misses their treatment time because of me, I will pay with my life! "

Wang Yongsan said this firmly.

His confidence came from the ability he had just drawn.

[Activation: By using the Qi control ability, manipulate the internal primordial energy to impact cells, greatly enhancing their activity and achieving a similar effect of metabolizing energy. If used on someone other than oneself, it will consume some mental power.]

(Note: Activation requires coordination with Qi control ability.)

The Qi control ability, during the three times he drew the fire control superpower before, Wang Yongsan had already drawn a three-day trial.

Now that he had both activation and Qi control, with half of his mental power remaining, he could definitely pull a few uncles back from the gates of hell.

"Mom, let my cousin try. I believe him."

To Wang Yongsan's surprise, it was actually Wang Yongli who spoke up for him at the critical moment.

Wang Yongli's father, Wang Chengkun, was also severely injured and unconscious at this time, although he hadn't vomited blood.

Wang Yongli was a domineering and rebellious young master in front of others, but in his mother's eyes, he was her most successful son, so when he said he believed Wang Yongsan, his mother chose to believe him as well.

"Big Brother, thank you for your trouble. You must save our second uncle! "

"Don't worry, I've got it." Wang Yongsan's eyes were filled with confidence.








Wang Yongsan took the second uncle from his mother and placed him on the sofa, laying him flat. He then proceeded to remove all of his clothes.

As soon as the clothes were removed, revealing the skin underneath, everyone gasped.

The places that had just been beaten were now a reddish-purple, with the fist marks deeply sunken in.

It was obvious that the bones there had been shattered.

"Big Brother, are you sure? " At this point, the second mother was starting to doubt Wang Yongsan again.

Wang Yongsan turned around and looked at the second mother, saying, "Don't worry. Even if I can't fully cure him, I can at least stabilize his injuries a bit. But please, everyone, don't disturb me and keep quiet."

After hearing Wang Yongsan's serious words, no one dared to speak anymore."

Note: The translation may not be perfect due to the complexity of the text and potential cultural nuances. However, it follows the provided guidelines as closely as possible.


Chapter 187:
Wang Yongsan took a deep breath,  then activated his ability to control qi,  concentrating all the qi within his body into both hands and pressing them directly onto his uncle's injury.

As their skin touched,  the activation ability was triggered simultaneously.

The qi that could only circulate within Wang Yongsan's body began to extend into his uncle's under the activation's influence.

Although it could only penetrate a few inches deep,  it was enough.

"Look at Uncle's injury! "

"It's actually healing quickly.  How did Da Yong do it? "

"Woohoo,  Old Wang has a chance now! Old Wang has a chance now! "

At this moment,  the sunken area on his uncle's chest was slowly rising back to the same level as the surrounding skin,  while the dark purple bruises were dissipating rapidly and turning into ordinary bright red.

Several women cried with joy.

Wang Yongsan began to sweat profusely on his forehead.

He initially thought that the activation was just an ordinary ability and wouldn't consume much mental power,  but now it seemed that wasn't the case at all.

With his current mental power,  he could fully heal his uncle.

However,  if he did that,  he would be unable to help the remaining relatives.

"Ugh~"

His uncle's condition had improved,  and he finally opened his eyes.

Seeing this,  Wang Yongsan lifted his hands away.

"Phew~Breathe. "

After taking a deep breath,  Wang Yongsan wiped the sweat from his forehead and asked his uncle,  "Uncle,  how do you feel now? "

His uncle looked confused and winced when he moved slightly.  "My chest hurts so much! "

Wang Yongsan nodded.  "It seems there's no danger to his life now.  Let's move on to the next one. "

Upon hearing this,  Auntie Two was reluctant.  "Wait a minute! Your uncle hasn't fully recovered yet.  Da Yong,  please treat him again! "

Wang Yongsan apologized.  "Auntie Two,  the other uncles and aunts haven't been out of danger yet.  Please let me treat them first.  After I finish treating everyone,  if I still have strength left,  I'll treat Uncle again. "

Auntie Two was a bit hesitant.

However,  since Wang Yongsan's life now depended on his treatment,  she didn't dare to object.

"Da Yong,  it was my fault earlier.  Please don't take it to heart. "

"We were just too anxious,  fearing that we would miss the treatment opportunity. "

"Da Yong,  you must save your Fifth Uncle! Please help us! "

Seeing that Wang Yongsan could indeed heal injuries and the results were immediate,  the attitudes of the aunts changed drastically.

"Don't worry,  I'll take care of everyone. "

Wang Yongsan helped his uncle stand up from the sofa and asked Auntie Two to help him rest in a guest bedroom.

Next were Fourth Uncle,  Fifth Uncle,  Sixth Aunt's husband,  and Seventh Uncle.

In just a few minutes,  everyone had woken up,  but they were still quite weak.  To fully recover,  they would need several more treatments.

"Thank you so much,  Da Yong! "

The aunts kept expressing their gratitude.

Wang Yongsan felt weak and said,  "Don't thank me; I should be thanking all the uncles and aunts.  If it weren't for them,  I would have died. "

Consuming too much mental power made Wang Yongsan's head ache terribly.

However,  since the injuries were caused by him,  he couldn't rest easy without fully healing his relatives.


Chapter 188:
"Ladies, gentlemen, my injuries still need treatment several times, but I'm really too tired now, and I'm afraid I can't continue treating today."

Wang Yongsan now looks pale, and keeps sweating profusely from his head.

My cousin Wang Yongli explained for him: "Auntie, my cousin should have exhausted his internal strength. This is a very dangerous thing among us martial artists. If you want your uncles and aunts to recover, it's best not to force him."

Of course, the aunties wouldn't force him.

Seeing Wang Yongsan's weak appearance, the aunties now only felt distressed for him. How could they blame him for not doing his best?

An ambulance arrived.

However, the aunties unanimously decided not to send their men to the hospital.

With Wang Yongsan here, the treatment effect would be faster than a hospital by countless times. Only a fool would go to the hospital.

Wang Yongsan felt dizzy and was supported by Luo Yusha and Aunt Wang to go to the bedroom to sleep.

The aunties excitedly found Wang Yongli and asked about the method Wang Yongsan had used just now.

Although Wang Yongli said it was internal strength healing, he wasn't really sure about it either. Because in legends, only those who reach the Breakthrough Realm and can release internal strength externally can use internal strength to heal others.

But Wang Yongsan was only 18 years old, how could he possibly reach the Breakthrough Realm?

When Wang Yongsan opened his eyes again, it was already the next morning.

"Dad, Mom, Shasha, why are you all here? Did you not sleep at all last night?"

By the bedside were Wang Dad, who had just returned later last night, and Aunt Wang and Luo Yusha.

Aunt Wang smiled: "My dear child, your dad and I were just waking up when we came over. As for Shasha, she stayed with you all night last night. In order to be able to serve you at any time, she even slept wearing clothes."

Wang Yongsan scratched his head.

He thought to himself: Your daughter-in-law is just too reserved. She's really reluctant to take off her clothes, that's the truth.

Wang Dad had company matters yesterday and didn't come back until after Wang Yongsan fell asleep. At this moment, he spoke with authority: "Yong'an, what exactly happened?"

Although he wasn't someone like Chen Tianlong, who could make the whole Lingjiang tremble with a stomp, he still had some connections in Longtai.

If there really were people he couldn't afford to offend, at least he would try to find a way to smooth things over.

"Dad, it's fine now. It was something I caused, and I will handle it myself."

Wang Yongsan knew his father's temperament, but when dealing with Wang Gang, Wang Yongsan wanted to use his own method.

Wang Dad still wanted to say something, but was pulled by Aunt Wang.

"Your son has grown up now, can you stop managing everything for him?" Aunt Wang's eyes showed a hint of reproach.

She felt that the main reason why her son used to always be timid and afraid of things, but now he has become so brave and capable, was because she and Wang Dad used to manage him too much.

Eating had to be managed,

Dressing had to be managed,

Going to school had to be managed,

Hobbies had to be managed.

Everything had to be managed, so they managed their son until he didn't have any autonomy at all.

This directly led to Wang Yongsan's character of being afraid of things when encountering them, and being afraid of people when meeting them.

Wang Dad sighed. He also realized his own problems, but aren't all parents like this? They would rather give their hearts to their children than give less.

Dong dong dong,


Chapter 189:
At that moment, the door of the room was knocked.








"Come in, please."

The door was pushed open, and the person who came was Wang Yongli.

"Uncle Second, Aunt Second, sister-in-law."

As soon as Wang Yongli entered the door, he greeted the people inside.

Wang's father and mother both nodded slightly.

Only Luo Yusha heard someone call her sister-in-law, and she replied a little shyly: "Hello, cousin."

Wang Yongli smiled politely at Luo Yusha, then turned to Wang Yongsan and said, "Little brother, uncle and aunt, I've reported last night's matter to the higher-ups. Not only will they not punish Yongsan, but they will also give him some commendation after he obtains his certificate."

"Obtain a certificate?"

There was some confusion in the eyes of Wang's father and mother.

Wang Yongli also didn't understand why his cousin, with such a powerful strength, had neither participated in the exam for supervisors nor registered as a martial artist.

According to reason, there was only one situation where registration had not been made.

That was just stepping into the realm of Ximu, and it had not been a quarter of a year, so there was no participation in the exam for supervisors.

However, Wang Yongsan's strength was right there, and it was impossible for him to have cultivated in just a quarter of a year.

Wang Yongli looked at Wang Yongsan and asked implicitly, "I'm also very surprised. Cousin is so strong, did you eat any kind of genius treasure?"

"Is there such a thing as a genius treasure that can quickly enhance one's strength?" Wang Yongsan asked in return.

Wang Yongli affirmed, "Yes, but it's extremely rare. I've never seen it before anyway."

Wang Yongsan hummed and said, "I may have indeed eaten something, but I can't be sure either because I don't recognize any genius treasures."

Wang Yongli nodded, and only this statement was the most convincing.

In his heart, he envied Wang Yongsan's good fortune. However, since that treasure had already been eaten up, he couldn't share a piece of the pie.

Moreover, no one would want to share such treasures with others.

"Congratulations, cousin. With that one bite, you've directly equated to my decades of hard cultivation. But as a supervisor, I have to remind you to register your martial artist identity as soon as possible. Or I can also introduce you to take the exam for the qualification certificate of martial arts supervisors."

Among the martial artists, there were also various forces, and so was among the supervisors.

Wang Yongli was just a small shrimp in it, but if he could have a powerful ally, his reputation and status within the supervisors would rise accordingly whether it was in doing things or otherwise.

Wang Yongsan was his cousin, even if there had been some unpleasantness between the two families before, he was still much closer than strangers.

Therefore, Wang Yongli wanted to pull Wang Yongsan into the team.

"Oh?"

Wang Yongsan didn't understand these things, and he just smiled and said, "Thank you for your kindness, Yongli Ge. But I already have someone helping me introduce myself. In the future when we become colleagues, please take care of me more."

"Haha, it's nothing. We are one family after all; helping each other is what we should do."

Wang Yongli laughed at himself.

With Wang Yongsan's strength, as long as he was discovered, he would definitely be courted by all sides. It was abnormal if no one helped him introduce himself.


Chapter 190:
Following the visit from Wang Yongli, several other relatives also came to pay a visit.

Wang Yongli's house had many rooms, and the relatives had all slept in guest bedrooms last night.

The healing of their injuries was not yet complete, but now that Wang Yongli's spiritual power had recovered, he immediately began the second round of activation and healing.

All six men in the family were treated once again, after which Wang Yongli felt somewhat exhausted.

However, the six of them were now fully recovered, and Wang Yongli could finally rest easy.

"Daryu, thank you."

The elders all expressed their gratitude to Wang Yongli.

Wang Yongli scratched his head awkwardly and said, "Uncle, uncle, auntie, it's me who should thank you. Those three people were caused by me, but in the end, it affected you all, with injuries and fear. I'm sorry to have caused you trouble."

"What are you talking about?"

Uncle Wang Chengkun, the oldest among them, firmly stated, "I think we shouldn't thank Daryu. Daryu doesn't need to feel guilty about us either. We are family, and saying such things would be too distant."

During family gatherings, it was always their family who liked to show off the most. Now that they knew Wang Yongli's capabilities, their attitude immediately changed for the better.

Wang Yongli thought this was a good thing after all. Since they were blood relatives, it would be impossible to sever their ties completely.

The change in attitude from Uncle's family had a significant positive impact on the relationship among relatives.

Although there were some unexpected incidents during this gathering, in the end, it brought the family closer together.

The uncles and aunts had their own matters to attend to, so they all took their leave. Wang Yongli also bid farewell to his parents and returned to school with Luo Yusha.

In the taxi, Luo Yusha noticed that Wang Yongli seemed a bit off and asked, "Yongsan, what are you thinking about?"

Wang Yongli chuckled, "I'm not thinking about anything. What's up?"

Luo Yusha worried, "Are you thinking about how to take revenge on Wang Hao and his family?"

Wang Yongli was indeed thinking about this.

Wang Hao had offended him multiple times before and even tried to get close to Luo Yusha, but now that he was crippled, Wang Yongli didn't hate him as much anymore.

However, he never expected that just after Wang Hao's testicles were crushed, his father would show up.

Moreover, compared to Wang Hao's small tricks, Wang Gang had actually directly bribed people from the underworld to kill all of his family members.

Seeing Wang Yongli's expression, Luo Yusha knew she had guessed correctly.

"Yongsan, I can understand your anger. To be honest, if it were me, I would definitely feel resentful too, but I hope you can stay calm and not do anything rash because of your anger."

Wang Hao's father was a deputy mayor, which in Luo Yusha's eyes, was already an incredibly powerful figure.

What she feared now was that Wang Yongli would lose his temper and kill the other party, which would be a violation of the law.

Wang Yongli shook his head and said, "Don't worry, I won't go looking for them without a surefire plan."

Without a surefire plan, he wouldn't go seeking revenge on them.

However, once he had a surefire plan, Wang Yongli would use his overwhelming power to eliminate these people directly.

Wang Gang was not a member of the underworld, and in society, he belonged to the leadership with status. Wang Yongli couldn't use the methods against the underworld on him.


Chapter 191:
And as he learned more about the Jianghu, Wang Yongsan grew increasingly awed by this group, even if it was just assassination, he couldn't guarantee that no one would find out.

So, he was feeling quite frustrated now.

Just as Wang Yongsan was thinking about how to get rid of Wang Gang without being discovered, a "ding" suddenly appeared in his mind.

"New task released."

"Current task: Rob a bank."

Wang Yongsan knelt on the spot when he heard the name of this task.

It was no wonder it was a suicidal mission, it actually dared to ask him to do something like robbing a bank.

"Task description: Please enter the underground vault of Xingqi Bank within twelve hours, room six, open safe number twelve, and bring out the items inside."

"Task completion rewards 30 points of suicidal points, failure deducts one lifespan."








Wang Yongsan was quite helpless, this suicidal mission was getting too much.

The difficulty of robbing a bank is already super difficult, even some fierce bandits would only rob during the transportation process, no one dares to go into the bank itself and rob it.

Especially when robbing the underground vault of Xingqi Bank, which claims to be absolutely safe.

Wang Yongsan had heard Wang Dad talk about this underground vault before, it was a place similar to an underground room. The walls were made of alloy, even general TNT explosives couldn't easily destroy it.

The lock was a super alloy electronic lock, the material was the same as an armored vehicle but the thickness was ten times that of an armored vehicle.

It could be said that it is impossible to enter through violence.

The opening method was known only to the local Xingqi Bank president.

"Yongsan, Yongsan, what are you thinking about again? Did you hear what I said?"

Luo Yusha's angry voice sounded in front of him.

Wang Yongsan was startled, quickly withdrew his spirit from observing the task and smiled apologetically at Luo Yusha: "Shasha, I'm listening, whatever you say is fine, I will listen to you."

"Humph, anyway, before you have the confidence to overthrow Wang Gang, don't act rashly, or you might not only fail to get the chicken but also lose the rice."

Luo Yusha was a very smart girl, otherwise she wouldn't have joined the student union as a freshman and even held some minor positions.

Wang Yongsan trusted Luo Yusha very much and nodded: "Okay, I will find a way to overthrow him first, before that, I won't act rashly."

"That's more like it."

Luo Yusha smiled and said: "Then I'm going back to the dormitory."

"Okay, go back and rest well after you get there, you didn't sleep well last night."

"I know."

As Luo Yusha walked away, Wang Yongsan began to act.

The task only had ten hours left.

Although this time the task wasn't to clear all his lifespan, but my sister, Wang Yongsan now only has less than one lifespan left, after deducting one lifespan, isn't that still a dead certainty?

Now Wang Yongsan doesn't have any points, so he can't even buy some lifespan.

"I can only complete the task at all costs."

The first step Wang Yongsan needed to do was to find out who the president of Xingqi Bank was.

The opening method of each Xingqi Bank is different, even for each period it's different.


Chapter 192:
Some use fingerprints, some use irises, and others use facial recognition, while there are also purely password locks.

The method to open each underground vault is known only by their branch manager.

"Oh, Fang Shengnan should know."

Bank executives are public officials and belong to the same category as Fang Shengnan.

Moreover, even if they are not in the same category, asking Fang Shengnan to help investigate someone would be much simpler than doing it himself.

Most importantly, Wang Yongsan wants to rob a bank. Now, no matter who he inquires about, once something happens, it could expose himself.

However, Fang Shengnan is about to become a Puppet Cat Transformed Person and is on the same boat as Wang Yongsan. Anyone else might betray him, but she is less likely to do so.

Wang Yongsan took out his phone and called Fang Shengnan.

The ringtone on the other end rang for a while before Fang Shengnan's usual irritable voice came through: "Hello, stinky brat, why did you run away without saying a word yesterday?"

Wang Yongsan speechlessly said, "I was actually planning to say goodbye to you, but since you were sleeping like a dead pig, I didn't dare to wake you up."

"What? Who do you think is a dead pig?"

"Oh, oh, I mean, what I'm trying to say is that I already told the nurse about it. After you wake up, she will inform you that I have been discharged from the hospital. Did she not tell you?"

"Don't try to change the subject. I'm asking you now, who did you call a dead pig just now?"

"Uh... I am the dead pig."

"Hmph. That's more like it."

Fang Shengnan was triumphant.

Wang Yongsan was also helpless. Now that he needed help from the other party, he could only endure it for now.

"Officer Fang, I want to ask you about someone." Wang Yongsan got straight to the point.

Fang Shengnan became alert: "Man or woman?"

"Uh, I'm not sure."

"What age?"

"I don't know that either."

"What's their name, where do they live? You can't say you don't know any of that."

"This... I really don't know."

Wang Yongsan was left speechless by the questions.

He thought: If I knew all of this, would I still need to ask you?

Fang Shengnan asked curiously: "You don't know anything, why are you asking about them? Or could it be that you are looking for your long-lost brother?"

For heaven's sake, Fang Shengnan's brain is indeed as short-circuited as always.

Wang Yongsan speechlessly said: "Officer Fang, you're thinking too much. I want to ask you if you know who the manager of Xingqi Bank is?"

"Why are you asking about this?" Fang Shengnan's vigilance was still quite high.

Wang Yongsan lied: "I want to deposit something. I heard that some high-end items must be contacted directly with the manager, so I want to find him."

Fang Shengnan hummed and then reluctantly said, "The manager's name is Li Fugui. Do you want me to give you his number?"

"Sure, thank you so much, Officer Fang."

Wang Yongsan was overjoyed that the first step went so smoothly.

With the number, it's time to make contact.

Of course, Wang Yongsan wouldn't be foolish enough to use his own phone to contact the other party. Instead, he went to an internet cafe, downloaded a call signal transfer tool, and used a network number to connect with the other party.

"Hello, who is this?"

The voice was deep and should belong to a middle-aged man.


Chapter 193:
```
Wang Yongsan also changed his voice,  slightly hoarse: "I am a new customer,  wanting to store something in your underground vault. "

"I understand,  when shall we meet? "

The other party heard the underground vault and immediately became more serious,  directly demanding a meeting to discuss further.

"The sooner the better. "

"I have time now,  do you come to find me or should I go to find you? "

"You come to find me. "Wang Yongsan gave an address and then asked,  "Is this place okay? "

The other side affirmed: "Yes,  I will send you a card number now.  First deposit the insurance premium,  and I will find you within half an hour after receiving the money. "

Wang Yongsan had heard about the insurance premium,  the initial storage requires a payment of 100,000 yuan insurance premium,  and then an additional management fee of 10,000 yuan per month.

In short,  if it is not something particularly valuable,  no one will store it here.

After hanging up the phone,  Wang Yongsan went to the bank to withdraw 100,000 yuan.

Then he bought a mask and sunglasses,  and only then went to the bank to remit money.  When he entered the door,  he used his bone ability to shrink his bones,  and a person who was originally 1.8 meters tall immediately became less than 1.6 meters.

Everything went smoothly.

Half an hour later,  Wang Yongsan met with the president of Xingqi Bank.

"Hello,  I am Li Fugui,  the one we contacted just now. "

Li Fugui was a short and fat man about 1.65 meters tall,  smilingly extending his hand to Wang Yongsan who was wrapped up tightly.

The underground vault business of Xingqi Bank was aimed at all kinds of strange people,  so Wang Yongsan's current appearance did not make him suspicious.








Wang Yongsan stretched out his hand and shook hands with Li Fugui.

"Hello,  Mr. Li,  can we go to store things now? "Wang Yongsan asked.

"Hahaha,  of course,  what should I call you? "

Li Fugui smiled and asked.

Unlike other businesses,  the underground vault business,  due to its particularity,  would not require any information about the depositor.

But there must be a name for two people to talk.

Wang Yongsan thought for a moment and said,  "You can call me the Deadman. "

"Deadman?  An interesting name. "

Li Fugui did not dwell on the meaning of this name,  smiled slightly,  and continued to ask: "I wonder what number vault Deadman wants to store things in? "

Wang Yongsan remembered the introduction of the task,  so he replied: "I want to store in vault number six. "

"Oh,  number six?  Then you must know that the service of number six vault is the best,  so the fee will be higher.  The initial 100,000 yuan remains unchanged,  but the management fee each month will be tripled,  that is, 30,000 yuan per month. "

30,000 yuan a month,  that's 1,000 yuan a day.

The income of these underground vaults is self-financing by various local banks,  Xingqi Bank wants reputation,  and all the extra income goes to the president.

So compared to other customers,  Li Fugui cared most about people like Wang Yongsan,  his salary was far less than the income brought by the underground vault.

Li Fugui's face was full of smiles.
```


Chapter 194:
Although Wang Yongsan felt that the price was not cheap, he did not dwell on it because he had no intention of really storing anything.

"Okay." Wang Yongsan nodded, "When shall we go over?"

Li Fugui laughed and said, "Of course you can come at any time."

The two of them got into Li Fugui's car and drove towards the headquarters of Xingqi Bank.

Upon entering the building, someone immediately came forward to greet them.

"President."

"Greetings, President."

Li Fugui waved his hand and strode in with Wang Yongsan. Many staff members around looked over at Wang Yongsan, and a few female tellers' eyes even sparkled with stars. They knew that every guest personally led in by the president was either wealthy or noble, and if they were favored by such a person, their lives would be worry-free.

"Mr. Wang, this way please." Li Fugui led Wang Yongsan into a room and pressed a switch. Suddenly, a piece of the floor lifted up, revealing a stone staircase leading down.

Li Fugui went first, followed by Wang Yongsan. The two descended for about ten meters before the space opened up in front of them.

"We're here, Mr. Wang." In front was a massive metal door, with two sharp-eyed guards stationed in a small room beside it.

Wang Yongsan's heart skipped a beat, and he used his spiritual vision to look over. These two martial artists were both at the ninth level of Xishen, formidable fighters.

No wonder the management fee was so high; there were martial artists serving as security here. It seemed that completing this mission would not be easy.

Although the two guards were stronger than Wang Yongsan, he now had the Luck ability and over two hours of experience remaining with his Fire Control superpower. If they fought, the two guards would not stand a chance against him.

However, Wang Yongsan had his own principles. He would kill those who deserved to die without hesitation but would never indiscriminately harm others. Although he didn't know why the system wanted him to rob a bank, if he were to do so, he would try his best not to harm anyone.

Li Fugui was unlocking the door. The lock on the superalloy door consisted of three steps: fingerprint recognition, iris identification, and a mechanical password. After the door opened, both entered, and each safe deposit box had its own unique password to prevent custodians from stealing.

"Mr. Wang, your safe deposit box is number twenty-nine. Please go ahead and place your items inside while setting up your password," Li Fugui introduced to Wang Yongsan and then turned away politely.

Wang Yongsan was at a loss. The task required him to take out the contents of the safe deposit box, but only the owner had access to the password. Even Li Fugui couldn't open it. If necessary, he could only burn it down.

"White Gold Flame." Wang Yongsan's eyes shone with golden light, quickly condensing into the shape of a flame. At the same time, a white gold flame appeared on the safe deposit box as well.


Chapter 195:
The boiling point of steel is 1300-1400 degrees, and the white-hot flame has a temperature of around 1400 degrees as well, which is just right to melt the steel safe.

However, the melting speed isn't fast.

As the door of the safe began to show signs of melting, Li Fugui finally noticed something was wrong.

The flames rose, and the temperature around them increased. Li Fugui turned his head to look and was immediately startled.

"Ah, it's on fire! Quick, get the fire extinguisher!" Li Fugui shouted as he went to open the door behind him.

Wang Yongsan was almost done getting what he wanted; how could he let Li Fugui bring the two martial artists outside in?

He stepped forward, knocked Li Fugui unconscious, and continued to melt the safe with his fire.

His spiritual power was depleting bit by bit, and finally, a hole big enough to put his hand through appeared on the safe.

Wang Yongsan stopped releasing fire and looked inside the safe. There was a very ordinary notebook inside.

"Is this thing really worth keeping in an insured safe that costs a thousand yuan a day?"

Wang Yongsan thought he was mistaken, but when he reached in and pulled it out to take a look, it really was just an ordinary notebook.

He flipped through the pages.

The content on the first page made Wang Yongsan's heart race.

"Hahaha, Wang Gang, how could you have imagined that the evidence of your bribes would fall into my hands? Let's see how arrogant you can be this time."

Wang Yongsan was overjoyed.

He had thought it was going to be a frustrating mission, but he never expected it would turn out to help him so much.

He now loved the system that caused trouble for others even more.

The task still showed as incomplete; he had to escape the underground safe room before it was finished.

Li Fugui was unconscious, but getting out wasn't as difficult as entering; all that was needed was a palm print scan.

Wang Yongsan picked up Li Fugui and used his hand to press on the scanner.

"Beep, identity confirmed. Thank you for choosing us; we hope to see you again soon."

The ultra-alloy door slowly opened, revealing the six martial artist guards waiting outside.

"What? There are now six of them?"

Wang Yongsan was startled.

He had known that staying inside to melt the safe would take too long and might alert the people outside, but he never expected that besides the two original guards, there would be four more hiding in the shadows.

These four were also at the Ximai stage, with the weakest among them being at the seventh layer.

Seeing Wang Yongsan holding the unconscious Li Fugui, the faces of the six martial artist guards instantly darkened.








"He hurt Director Li! Catch him!"

One of the six suddenly shouted, and the others all rushed towards Wang Yongsan at once.

At the Ximai ninth layer, with a physique of nineteen points, their speed was already as fast as the wind; in the blink of an eye, they were right in front of Wang Yongsan.

They didn't hesitate to attack, striking as soon as they arrived.

Wang Yongsan wanted to explain but had no chance; in a moment of desperation, he used the ability he had drawn from the cat's eye yesterday.

"Cat's Eye!"

In an instant, the speed of the six people in front of him slowed down by several times.

Last time, even with Cat's Eye activated, he couldn't completely dodge the attacks of the lizard-man with a physique of thirty-seven points.


Chapter 196:
This time, although the six people he faced were all only nineteen-point body-washing realm martial artists, it was still quite difficult for him to dodge alone.

"Brothers, let's talk nicely. I'm not a bad person."

Wang Yongsan cried out in distress.

"Don't talk nonsense, surrender yourself, and we brothers can leave you a whole corpse."

I wipe, I've said that I'm not a bad person, but they still want to kill people, these people are too barbaric.

Wang Yongsan dodged continuously, but these people cooperated tacitly, and the six of them were defeated step by step.

At this time, in the hearts of the other party's six people, Wang Yongsan's image instantly became tall.

They were able to join forces even if they were high-level martial artists in the third and fourth layers of the meridian-sweeping realm, but now this little guy (Wang Yongsan's post-clavicle height is less than one meter six), who looks like he is only in the second or third layer of body-washing realm, can actually persist for so long without losing.

Every time these people felt that they were going to hit the other party, but every time at the last moment, he barely avoided it.

It's too strange.

"All together, prepare a non-targeted joint attack."

Finally, someone among the six people spoke up.

They have been entangled for so long, but they still haven't caught Wang Yongsan. The other party also has no chance to fight back. It will be a waste of time if they continue to fight like this.

They have two sets of combined attack techniques among the six people.

One set is used against strong enemies, and the power of the combined attack increases exponentially.

The other set is a non-targeted joint attack used against large groups of people, generally used to deal with enemies weaker than themselves.

And now, Wang Yongsan's strength is obviously much weaker than theirs.

The six people stood in six directions, and then as someone gave an order, the six of them attacked the central area together in a mess.

Although this way the power is dispersed, as long as they are in this area, no one can avoid it.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang…

A series of beating sounds appeared in the central area.

Wang Yongsan couldn't dodge and was hit by more than 20 punches in less than a second.

"Ah, I wipe it, it hurts so much!"

Wang Yongsan covered his face and vital points, using the ability to circulate Qi on the surface of his body.

Although this set of combined attack techniques has a large attack range, because the power is dispersed, the power becomes much smaller.

"Come again, non-targeted combined attack." The other party tasted the sweetness and used the same trick again.

Although Wang Yongsan didn't suffer serious injuries, he also suffered some minor injuries. Now it is estimated that there are many places on his body that have been beaten into bruises.

Seeing the other party coming again, Wang Yongsan also became a little angry.

"I warn you, don't hit me anymore, or I will fight back."

"Hahaha, fight back? Have the ability to fight back! Otherwise, you won't be able to walk out intact today." When the six people heard Wang Yongsan's words, they all laughed loudly.

However, while laughing, their attacks did not stop at all.

Seeing the six fists approaching again, Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth.

"It's all your fault!"

Red light flickered in his eyes, and this time a fire dragon appeared.

Whoosh~

A seven or eight-meter-long flame suddenly appeared out of thin air, instantly wrapping around Wang Yongsan's body and forming a ring.


Chapter 197:
At this moment, the martial artists security guards happened to rush forward. Seeing the flames, they subconsciously stopped their attacking movements. However, because they had rushed too fast, two of them still had flames on their bodies.

"Not good, there's something strange about these flames, quickly help me put them out."

"It's so hot, I'm burning to death, ahhhhh..."

This time, there were quite a few flames. After the two of them caught fire, their bodies were soon wrapped in flames from head to toe.

The remaining four martial artists security guards looked at the fire ring around Wang Yongsan and their screaming companions on the ground, and none of them dared to move recklessly.

Wang Yongsan didn't want to hurt anyone. Seeing that these guys had all stopped attacking, the red light in her eyes dimmed slightly.

The flames went out,

The two martial artists who were burned had no hair or eyebrows left, and their clothes were burnt to shreds, but there was no sign of burns on their bodies.

"Let me leave, or I really won't be polite." Wang Yongsan said in a deep voice.

Among the six martial artists security guards, an older one said seriously: "You can leave if you want, but Star Flag Bank won't let it go for the sake of its reputation. We are all people in the martial world. If you put down your things now, we can help you conceal this matter, and then everyone will be fine. Otherwise, you should know what Star Flag Bank represents."

Star Flag Bank is one of the three major international banks.

It can be said that in many cases, the international status of Star Flag Bank is comparable to that of a small country.

Such an awesome existence, having its things snatched away at the door and then escaped with a swagger, the lost face would be worth countless times more than the value of the things themselves.

Wang Yongsan shook her head and said, "I'm sorry everyone, I have my reasons for doing this. Let me say it again, let me leave, otherwise, I will have to hurt you."

The scene was deadlocked for a while, and in the end it was still the six martial artists security guards who made concessions.

They could see that Wang Yongsan had already held back just now. If they continued to insist, it would only lead to more sacrifices.

"You can leave, we will report the situation in ten minutes. I hope you know what you're doing."

Ten minutes was the concession that the six people made to Wang Yongsan for holding back just now, and it was already the maximum.

If they let go any more, even they were afraid that they would not be able to withstand the anger from above.

"Thank you."

Wang Yongsan thanked them and quickly returned to the surface along the original path.

The bank staff on the ground saw that he came out by himself without the president accompanying him, and they all felt a little strange.

But in front of these big figures, they dared not have any doubts.

Moreover, Star Flag Bank had not encountered a robbery for a long time, especially the things in the underground safe room. These people could never imagine what had happened below just now, something that happens once in several years.

Wang Yongsan walked out of the bank and then walked a long way before stopping in a secluded place to take off his mask and sunglasses.

Then there was a crackling sound all over his body as he returned to his original height of 1.8 meters.

"Ding, the task has been completed, reward: 30 points of death defying points."

Hearing the task prompt sound, Wang Yongsan chuckled.

This mission not only earned him death defying points, but also helped him solve the problem with Wang Gang, killing two birds with one stone.

But soon, Wang Yongsan couldn't laugh anymore.


Chapter 198:



Chapter 87: A Reward of One Billion

After Wang Yongsan restored his true appearance, he hailed a taxi and headed back to his rental apart

ment.

He had evidence of Wang Gang's bribery, and keeping it at the school felt unsafe. Wang Yongsan decided to store it in his rental unit first, then figure out how to lodge a complaint. Only after that would he deliver the fatal blow to Wang Gang.

It would be best to make a few photocopies as well. If officials were protecting each other, he would go even higher up the chain to lodge his complaint.

Upon returning to the residential area, Wang Yongsan was walking towards the building where he lived.

Two elderly individuals on the side of the road held an old radio, listening to a health program. As Wang Yongsan passed by them, the health show suddenly stopped.

An emergency broadcast then began.

"Emergency announcement, emergency announcement."

"A robbery has just occurred at the headquarters of Xingqi Bank in Longtai City."

"The criminal is approximately 158 cm tall, slightly thin, dressed in a large-sized casual outfit. The top is a blue suit with a beige sweater, the bottom is dark blue jeans, and the shoes are Nike sneakers."

"Xingqi Bank has issued a wanted notice. Anyone with information leading to the criminal's whereabouts, upon verification, will be rewarded with 1 million yuan."

"Anyone who captures the criminal will receive a reward of one billion yuan."

Upon hearing the one billion figure, both elders seemed more energetic than usual, as if they had suddenly become ten years younger.

"One billion? How much is that?"

"Who knows? Anyway, my monthly retirement pension is only 3000 yuan."

"That would take three hundred years to accumulate one billion, wouldn't it?"

"Idiot! The interest on one billion alone is more than 3000 yuan per month. The longer you wait, the more you lose."

"Oh, I see now."

The elders suddenly became melancholic, as if they had just missed out on one billion.

However, in reality, they had indeed just missed their chance at one billion.

Upon hearing the emergency broadcast on the radio, Wang Yongsan's face turned pale.

He had only thought about concealing his appearance but forgot to change his clothes as well.

Fortunately, the first clue in the wanted notice was height. Wang Yongsan was over 180 cm tall, while the criminal was only about 158 cm. Clothes could easily match, but height couldn't be changed easily.

"No matter what, I should change my clothes first."

Wang Yongsan ran upstairs and changed his clothes.

Thinking it was still not safe enough, Wang Yongsan hid in the bathroom and used his fire control ability to generate golden flames to burn his clothes, shoes, and even underwear until they were completely gone.

"Phew~ I'm safe now."

Wang Yongsan thought naively.

However, after a short while, Luo Yusha called him.

"Hello. Shasha, are you missing me?"

"I miss you a big ghost! I'm asking you, where are you now? Why can't they find you at school?" Luo Yusha's tone was very tense.

Wang Yongsan immediately understood what had happened and could only conceal the truth, saying, "Uh, I'm not anywhere special. The dormitory is too messy, so I'm resting at a friend's house. What's up?"

"Yongsan, I want to ask you something. Was it you who did what happened just now?"

Luo Yusha's voice was hoarse, as if someone had squeezed her throat to force the words out. It showed how difficult it was for her to ask this question.

```


Chapter 199:
"I'm just pretending to be relaxed, Wang Yongsan said: 'Are you talking about the Star Banner Bank? Not to mention you, Sha Sha. You think I'm too awesome. That's the Star Banner Bank. How dare I rob it? Besides, that criminal is only 158cm tall. Even if I cut off my head, I'm taller than him. '

Luo Yusha let out a sigh of relief, "But those clothes are exactly the same as what you're wearing today."

Wang Yongsan replied, "Silly Sha Sha, there's nothing to say. I wear ordinary brand clothes. It's normal to bump into someone wearing the same clothes, right?"

"But..."

Before she could finish her sentence, Wang Yongsan interrupted: "Okay, okay. There's nothing to worry about. Anyway, I definitely didn't do it. I don't need money. Why would I rob a bank? Right?"

Luo Yusha felt that she was too sensitive. After Wang Yongsan's repeated assurances, she forgot about it.

After hanging up the phone, less than two minutes later, someone called again.

"Hello, classmate Xiaohua, what can I do for you?"

"Classmate Wang, I remember that last time I washed your clothes, you had a beige sweater and a blue suit jacket, right?"

Wang Yongsan complained, "Classmate Lin, I know what you're going to ask. That set of clothes got damaged in a fight with someone and has been thrown into an unknown trash can. Maybe that person picked up my clothes to rob a bank. Anyway, it's impossible for 180cm to become 158cm."

"Oh, I see. Thank you, Classmate Wang. I didn't suspect you. Please don't misunderstand me."

"Don't worry, I will never suspect you for wanting to exchange me as a criminal for one billion yuan."

Lin Shishi: "..."

Finally, after dealing with Lin Shishi, Wang Yongsan let out a long breath.

One million?

One billion?

What's the point of giving you more money?

Brother is 180cm tall. Just this point makes it impossible for you guys to do anything.

Wang Yongsan felt refreshed and put Wang Gang's bribe notes in a safe place. He was about to take a shower and catch up on his sleep, restoring the spiritual power consumed by releasing fire just now when suddenly the doorbell rang at home.

"Huh? Who would come over at this time?"

Although it's not class time now, it's also not after school time. It's just a few minutes off class. With Lin Shishi's hardworking nature, it's impossible for her to come back at this time, right?

Wang Yongsan looked through the peephole and was surprised to find that it was Hua Shengnan.

"Why did this guy come? Is he looking for me?"

Wang Yongsan hesitated for a moment, puzzled as to how Hua Shengnan knew he was here.

After all, apart from Lin Shishi, almost no one knows that I rented a place to live. It's even more impossible for them to know the exact location where I rented.

Ding dong, ding dong.

Wang Yongsan didn't open the door, and Hua Shengnan kept pressing the doorbell.

After a while, he started pounding on the door with all his might.

While pounding, Hua Shengnan shouted: "You surnamed Wang, open the door for me. I know you're inside and right behind the door. I can already smell your scent!"

Damn, that's impressive!

After thinking about it for a moment, Wang Yongsan understood.

Hua Shengnan now has the genes of a ragdoll cat. Although her fur nose is not as sensitive as a dog's nose, it's much better than a human's. She can smell the scent behind the door, which is not unreasonable.

Open the door."


Chapter 200:
Upon entering the room, Hua Shengnan pointed her gun at Wang Yongsan's head.

"What the hell are you doing, sister?"

"What do you think I'm doing? I want to ask you, where have you been just now?"

Wang Yongsan cried: "Sister, be reasonable. I'm shorter than that person by a hundred and eight thousand miles. If you really want money, just tell me, there's no need to falsely accuse me like this."

Hua Shengnan sneered: "I'm falsely accusing you? Then explain to me, why did you just ask me for Li Gui's contact information, and less than an hour and a half later, Xingqi Bank was robbed? And the suspect was wearing the same clothes as you?"

"Although I don't know how you reduced your height, I swear by my head that the criminal is you."

Hua Shengnan spoke with absolute conviction; if someone who didn't know her had heard, they would have believed her judgment.








Wang Yongsan was on the verge of tears.

He thought: You have a brain? All you have is a head!

How many cases have you, Hua Shengnan, messed up? What gave you the confidence to suspect me?

However, with a gun pointed at his head and lacking the strong physique of a lizard-modified person, even if he had countless sarcastic words in his heart, not a single one dared to escape his lips.

"Officer Hua, please put the gun down first, we can talk about this." Wang Yongsan whispered in a plea for mercy.

Hua Shengnan sneered: "What else do you have to say? I told you last time, even though you saved me, if you commit a crime, I will still arrest you."

"But the key is that I didn't commit a crime!" Wang Yongsan argued stubbornly.

Hua Shengnan didn't care about any of this.

She pulled out a pair of handcuffs from her waist, threw them at Wang Yongsan, and ordered: "Cuff yourself."

"Huh?"

Wang Yongsan was speechless: "Officer Hua, isn't this method of handling cases a bit excessive? We haven't even confirmed anything yet, and you want to put handcuffs on me?"

Hua Shengnan boasted: "It's you who hasn't been confirmed, I have already determined that you are the criminal."

You bastard, they say Wang Hao is a playboy, but Hua Shengnan is even worse!

While he plays with cars, watches, and women, Hua Shengnan prefers playing with guns and handcuffs.

If you're the criminal, then you are.

Not?

I don't care, I'll just take you back first.

Seeing that Wang Yongsan didn't understand, Hua Shengnan spoke harshly: "I'll count to three. If you dare resist, I will really shoot."

—My sister, when did I resist?

Wang Yongsan was almost tortured to tears.

Faced with such a stubborn mule, he had no idea what to do.

"Okay, I'll cuff myself, Officer Hua, be careful not to accidentally fire. I only have one life, my parents are waiting for me to take care of them in their old age."

Wang Yongsan looked pitiful.

Unfortunately, Hua Shengnan is the last person who knows how to pity others.

Not only does she not pity, but she also impatiently poked Wang Yongsan's head with her gun, urging him to hurry up.

Wang Yongsan looked pitiful and had to endure the bullying silently.

"Officer Hua, I've cuffed myself." Wang Yongsan showed his handcuffs.

Seeing this, Hua Shengnan finally breathed a sigh of relief.


Chapter 201:
Although she never knew how to write the character for fear, and her mind often short-circuited, this did not mean she was unaware of the gap in strength between herself and Wang Yongsan.

However, even if Wang Yongsan was formidable, with his hands now handcuffed, the threat had diminished significantly.

"Behave yourself and come back to the police station with me. If you try any tricks, I'll blow your head off."

Huashannv pushed Wang Yongsan out the door.

However, just as Huashannv relaxed her vigilance and turned to close the door, Wang Yongsan suddenly extended his hands, snatched away her gun, and with one hand, covered Huashannv's mouth to drag her back into the room.

"I'll let you go, but don't make a sound. Otherwise, I won't be responsible for what happens since you have no gun now." Wang Yongsan whispered menacingly, using his foot to close the door behind him.

Huashannv's eyes widened, as if she could kill Wang Yongsan with her gaze.

"I'll let you go, but you have to talk nicely." Wang Yongsan gradually loosened his grip.

As soon as he released Huashannv's mouth, she bit down on Wang Yongsan's hand.

"Meow!"

In anger, Huashannv emitted a sound like a cat when it's upset.

Wang Yongsan had activated his cat eyes today, so his reaction speed was extremely fast. Just as Huashannv bit down, he had already withdrawn his hand from her mouth.

Huashannv's temper was explosive; she missed the bite and became so furious that she pounced on Wang Yongsan, using her mouth and claws like a cat in attack mode while continuously emitting meowing sounds.

Wang Yongsan thought he could easily handle Huashannv, but upon engaging in combat, he discovered that her physique was now on par with his own.

Although Wang Yongsan could not easily subdue her, Huashannv was unable to defeat him either.

"Huashannv, enough already! If you keep fighting, I'm going to get angry." Wang Yongsan felt his face being clawed, causing intense pain; he wasn't sure if there was any bleeding.

"Meow! You stinky brat, I'm going to eat you up." Huashannv used both her claws and teeth in her attack.

Her teeth had undergone changes compared to before.

Her two small canines were longer than a normal person's, resembling cat teeth more closely.

"Do you take me for an idiot? Stop it now! You're only accelerating the gene modification process when you get angry like this."

Wang Yongsan couldn't use his fire control ability against her and could only grapple with her physically. Despite having a slightly higher physique, he was no match for Huashannv, who possessed the innate traits of a hunter—a cat.

Fortunately, upon hearing the words "gene modification," Huashannv calmed down slightly.

It seemed that there was a flaw in the gene drug itself; when a person got angry, the gene modification process would accelerate.

Huashannv should have displayed her Ragdoll cat traits in five more days, but due to excessive anger today, she had begun to transform prematurely.

Wang Yongsan looked at the "weird woman" in front of him; her eyes had completely turned into cat eyes. Since it was daytime, Huashannv's pupils were almost slender like a line.

Her ears had also changed, becoming pointed and covered with fine brown cat fur.

Huashannv turned her head and happened to see the reflection in a nearby glass surface, which startled her at the sight of her own appearance: "Meow? What kind of ghost is this? Why are my ears like this, meow?"

```


Chapter 202:
Wang Yongsan covered his forehead: "Officer Hua, can you please stop meowing, it sounds strange."

Hua Shengnan heard him speak sarcastically, and her temper immediately flared up again.

Then Wang Yongsan saw that her ears, at a visible speed, became even sharper.

"Don't be angry, don't be angry, Officer Hua, it's my fault, please calm down first, okay? Anger won't solve the problem; it will only make you worse."

Hua Shengnan's expression suddenly became aggrieved.

"I've turned into a monster, meow."

Accustomed to Hua Shengnan's show of strength, now suddenly seeing her pitiful appearance, Wang Yongsan felt an inexplicable pain in his heart.

"Officer Hua, don't worry, you remember I told you about a gene restoration drug that can help you return to your human appearance; you won't always be like this."

Hua Shengnan sadly said, "But now that I've turned into this, how can I handle cases? I still have to catch you, this stinky villain, meow."

Wang Yongsan's face darkened with lines.

"Officer Hua, I'm trying my best to help you, but all you can think about is catching me. Do you really like money that much?"

Hua Shengnan immediately shouted, "Meow, I've never caught a bad guy for money as an officer."

"Then how can you believe it wasn't me who did it?" Wang Yongsan was about to collapse.

Hua Shengnan rudely replied, "I won't believe it no matter what; it was you who did it."

Alright, there's no point in continuing this topic with her; when faced with such an unreasonable little kitten, Wang Yongsan could only kneel down to her.








Hua Shengnan had already begun to transform. If it were just the change in her pupils, she could wear sunglasses to cover it up, but her ears had also changed; that was hard to hide.

Wang Yongsan thought for a moment before saying to Hua Shengnan, "Officer Hua, in my opinion, if you go back to the police station like this, you'll definitely be arrested as a genetically modified person. Why don't you take some time off first and hide at home for a few days? After I find the gene restoration drug, you can go back to work, okay?"

Hua Shengnan nodded and said, "Meow, I can only do that."

Wang Yongsan asked, "Then let me send you home?"

Hua Shengnan shook her head and said, "I don't want to go home; I'm afraid people will see me as a monster, meow."

"Then where do you want to stay?"

"I don't want to go anywhere; I just want to stay here with you. Since you already know my situation, meow."

"Huh?"

Wang Yongsan refused, "That's not possible; I share this apartment with others. Other people will be staying here at night."

Hua Shengnan blinked her big eyes and said pitifully, "It's okay, meow; I'll be quiet. I'm afraid people will see me when I go out, meow."

"But there are only two rooms here; if you want to stay without being discovered, you can only stay in my room. Then where will I sleep?"

"I can sleep on the floor, meow."

Wang Yongsan's head ached from her constant "meowing," but when he saw her big, watery eyes, he couldn't bear to stimulate her further.

At that time, Hua Shengnan was trying to save him before being injected with the gene modification liquid by the lizard-type modified person. Now that Hua Shengnan had become like this, Wang Yongsan felt half responsible for her transformation; he couldn't bear to make the other party homeless.


Chapter 203:
"Alright, since you want to stay here, go ahead and stay. Just make sure not to make any noise, or you'll get caught. I'll be moving into the school dormitory for these two days, so you can sleep in my bed."

"Thanks, you stinky brat. Meow."

Wang Yongsan shook his head. Although he agreed to go back to the dormitory, he would still have to come here often.

Otherwise, what about Hua Shengnan's meals?

Now that she had transformed into this state, it would be difficult for her to go out easily. Cooking at home might also attract Lin Shishi's attention, so Wang Yongsan had to bring her meals back.

"Stay here for now, and I'll bring you food later in the evening." After saying his goodbyes, Wang Yongsan prepared to leave.

Being with Hua Shengnan was dangerous; this woman could explode at any moment.

Moreover, he still needed to figure out how to remove Wang Gang from his position.

If Hua Shengnan was fine, he could ask her for help with this matter. Unfortunately, she was now in danger herself, and Wang Yongsan didn't dare to trust someone like Lin Bureau.

"Find the gene recovery potion quickly, meow." Hua Shengnan called out to Wang Yongsan's back.

"Got it, got it."

Wang Yongsan waved his hand impatiently. He also wanted to complete the task as soon as possible, but he didn't even know where Blood Skull was.

Moreover, with his current strength, if he encountered someone from Blood Skull, it would be uncertain who would die. Unless he could draw several super abilities at once and use them to overwhelm them with his superpowers.

But how easy was it to draw super abilities?

"Ah, I guess I'll just take things one step at a time. First, become a reliable江湖监管员 (Jianghu Supervisor), and then try to trigger more death tasks."

Wang Yongsan discovered that there was a pattern to how he triggered the tasks. For example, his first task occurred because Luo Yusha broke up with him, and the second was due to Chen Ran's provocation. After that, every task he encountered had various reasons behind it.

In other words, if he just stayed at home, it would be difficult to trigger a death task. On the other hand, if he became a Jianghu Supervisor and frequently encountered Jianghu figures around him, tasks might be easier to trigger.

After spending a night in the school dormitory.

The next day, Wang Yongsan said goodbye to Luo Yusha and asked her to bring food for Hua Shengnan before taking a taxi to Linjiang.

Upon arriving, Wang Yongsan called Zhu Anshi: "Old Zhu, I'm in Linjiang now. Is today the day for that matter you mentioned last time?"

Zhu Anshi's voice came from the phone: "Yes, it's today. I've already arranged everything for you at Tianchi Club. Just go there directly, and when you arrive, find any waiter and tell them that you're here for the assessment. They will guide you inside."

Tianchi Club.

Wang Yongsan wrote down the name and asked, "What time does the assessment start?"

"It's supposed to start at ten o'clock, but it doesn't matter if you're late. It's just the timing of your assessment."

"Thank you, Old Zhu. I'll go there now."

"You're welcome. Good luck with your assessment, young friend."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan rushed to Tianchi Club when it was already 9:50.

In the parking lot outside, there were luxury cars parked everywhere, and it seemed that anyone who came here to relax was a wealthy individual.

As soon as Wang Yongsan entered the club, someone immediately came forward to greet him.


Chapter 204:
This is a beautiful woman, wearing a professional smile, slightly bowed and asked: "Hello sir, what can I do for you?"

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and said shyly, "Hello, I'm here to take the exam."

The woman quickly looked up and down Wang Yongsan, with a hint of doubt in her voice, she asked, "May I ask if you are taking the exam for supervisors?"

In fact, anyone who comes here to take the exam knows that it can only be an exam for supervisors without asking.

However, Wang Yongsan was too young, if he were five or six years older, it would be different. It is really rare for someone of this age to take the exam for supervisors.

After all, the young masters are all in Kyoto, and geniuses are all from aristocratic families.

Those who choose to join the martial arts supervision department, most of them are grassroots martial artists. Without a strong background, few young people stand out.

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Yes, my name is Wang Yongsan. I don't know where should I take the exam?"

"Oh, oh, the entrance examination venue is over there. I'll take you there." After getting a positive answer, the beautiful woman became even more enthusiastic.

The corridor is tall and wide, through the floor-to-ceiling windows on both sides, you can see the scenery on both sides completely.

On one side is the natural area, where there is a huge artificial lake and lush low mountains. On the grass road, there are some wild herbivorous small animals running and playing.

On the other side is the sports area, every few distances there will be a gym, where bowling, archery, indoor golf and so on, all kinds of sports are available.

The woman walked while introducing Wang Yongsan enthusiastically, her eyes looked at Wang Yongsan from time to time, with a strange tenderness in her eyes.

Wang Yongsan followed the woman and walked about fifty or sixty meters along the corridor, arriving at a closed room outside.

The woman stopped outside and said respectfully, "This is the assessment area inside. I can't go in. I can only take you here."

"Thank you very much." Wang Yongsan said politely.

"You're welcome, it's my honor to serve you."

The woman showed a beautiful smile, which seemed to have a kind of magic, making people feel particularly close.

She took out a card from her clothes pocket and handed it to Wang Yongsan with both hands, playfully said: "You are the first prospective supervisor I received, I really hope to make friends with you. This is my contact information. If you don't mind me, please accept it, okay?"








Wang Yongsan scratched his head and said embarrassedly, "I'm sorry, I have a girlfriend. She is quite jealous, so you know what I mean."

The woman was rejected and felt a little embarrassed. She laughed twice: "If it doesn't work, just forget it. See you later."

Turning around, the woman's cheeks bulged up.

It was really embarrassing to meet a little fresh meat, but I didn't expect the first initiative to fail.

Wang Yongsan was also speechless.

Although he is a virgin and can't understand the meaning of that smile just now, but he could feel that he had some reaction at that time.

According to the "love saint" in the dormitory who has never been in love, if you have a physical reaction to a woman, then you will fall in love with her next.


Chapter 205:
```
Wang Yongsan had already suffered a loss from Lin Sisi, and now occasionally Luo Yusha would give him a reminder. How could he dare to experiment with other women?

Pushing open the door,

Walking in.

Inside the room was a vast space resembling a basketball court.

In the center of the arena, there were several testing stations, along with a platform resembling a fighting stage. Around it were arranged sofas and coffee tables.

On the walls was a beverage counter, with various drinks and snacks displayed on it. There was also a flowing area like a buffet, featuring small desserts and dried fruits and snacks.

In summary, this assessment room was designed very humanely, making it so that while waiting for the assessment, one wouldn't feel too bored.

"Hey, there are new people coming in!"

"Why do they look so young?"

"They don't seem like they are here for the assessment. Could it be that they entered the wrong door?"

"This corridor is specially connected to our room. Anyone who isn't here for the assessment would be stopped before entering it."

"Maybe they are from a prominent family? Chosen to enter the government?"

"Then shouldn't they be going to the capital city? Who would come here to our Linjiang? It's really tough to get promoted here."

"Who knows, maybe they were just bored at home and wanted to come out and have some fun."

As soon as Wang Yongsan entered the room, he heard many people talking about him.

These individuals didn't deliberately lower their voices when speaking, as if they didn't take Wang Yongsan seriously.

However, the truth was that people in the Jianghu spoke openly and honestly.

True Jianghu people wouldn't look down on those who spoke loudly, even if they were gossiping. They wouldn't be afraid of being overheard. But if you whispered about something, some people would suspect that you were planning something bad and would definitely treat you like a thief.

Wang Yongsan was a late bloomer, with no one to guide him, unaware of these habits. He thought they were looking down on him.

But Wang Yongsan was naturally a low-key person who didn't care much about face. Being looked down upon didn't make him feel embarrassed. He found a place to sit and started eating sunflower seeds.

However, he didn't go looking for others, but someone came to look for him.

"Hey, little brother, where are you from?"

The person who came was a tall man over 1.9 meters, with a full beard and deep voice.

Although Wang Yongsan was obviously younger than him, he called him "little brother" right away, which was quite impolite.

However, the other person was rude, but Wang Yongsan knew how to be polite. He frowned and replied, "I'm from Longtai. May I ask what you need?"

"Hahaha, it seems like little brother doesn't like me very much." The tall man laughed loudly and sat down right next to Wang Yongsan without hesitation.

The man looked rough, with a very open personality. Without waiting for Wang Yongsan to invite him, he grabbed a handful of sunflower seeds and started eating them while talking to Wang Yongsan.

"Little brother, don't take it the wrong way. I see you are alone, so you probably don't have a team, right? Although I don't know what made me unwelcome to you, my intention is good."

"Oh? What do you mean by team? Don't we all work for the country?" Wang Yongsan really didn't understand and asked sincerely.

Hearing this, not only Liu Sandao but also the people at several nearby tables burst into laughter.

```
Note: The Chinese text provided seems to be incomplete at the end, so I have translated up until that point. If there is more text to follow, please provide it and I will continue the translation accordingly.


Chapter 206:
Laughing enough, Liu Sanshao only then became serious: "Little brother, it's not that I am making fun of you, but your question is too naive. In today's society, what does not require teamwork? As the saying goes, where there are people, there is a Jianghu. What is Jianghu? It is a place of trouble and conflict."

"Now even people in society know how dangerous Jianghu is, but you, who are about to enter it, don't understand this principle?"

Wang Yongsan scratched his head: "I want to join the Jianghu regulatory department, isn't it just maintaining the rules of Jianghu?"

"Bullshit."

Liu Sanshao disdained: "Jianghu rules are managed by Jianghu, we are nominally supervisors, but in fact we are also people of Jianghu, just like the police, would you say they are not human?"

"Uh..."

Wang Yongsan was asked speechlessly.

Liu Sanshao and these people were not taking part in the entry assessment.

Today's day, besides joining, there was also a promotion assessment, so almost all the Jianghu supervisors in Luda Province were present.

Wang Yongsan came to such a place for the first time and had many questions to ask, while Liu Sanshao was talkative, so the two chatted endlessly and felt like they were long lost friends.

"By the way, Liu Ge, you said that your intention is good, but I haven't asked what it means yet?"

Seeing that the assessment over there had already started, many people were called by their names to go up, Wang Yongsan was afraid that after his assessment he would have other things to do, so he took the initiative to ask.

"Look at my pig head, I almost forgot about the serious business." Liu Sanshao patted his forehead and said seriously: "Little Wang, since you haven't joined a team yet, and you are also our Longtai fellow villager, why not join us and develop together?"

"Join you guys?"

"Yes, seven out of ten people in our group are from Longtai. Whether it's here or in Longtai, having more friends means more helpers."

Liu Sanshao's words were very tempting.

Wang Yongsan now had a task to find a gene recovery potion for Hua Shengnan, and it was too difficult for him to complete alone. If he could join a team, maybe everyone could help out.

Wang Yongsan was about to agree when suddenly a greeting interrupted what Wang Yongsan wanted to say next.

"Hey, isn't this Sanshao Ge? And this gentleman next to you is your new member? He looks so tender, isn't he below the Xishen realm and sneaking in to join in the fun?"

Wang Yongsan looked at this person, who was a young man wearing glasses and dressed in luxury goods.

This person looked quite good, but he was a bit feminine, and his voice was also slightly neutral, making it hard to tell if he was male or female.

Liu Sanshao was a rough person and hated this kind of effeminate voice the most. When he heard it, he replied impatiently: "It's none of your business? Why don't you worry about your own people, we don't need you to bother."

The effeminate young man named Xu Gongzi covered his mouth and giggled: "I don't have the time to care about your business. I just came over here to talk to this little brother about something. I wonder if the little brother has heard of the Dueling Platform, if you are willing to participate for our group later, I will give you two Xishen Pills."








Dueling Platform?

Wang Yongsan had never heard of this term, but he could easily guess what it was with just a knee-jerk reaction.


Chapter 207:
Liu Sanshe said that there is no essential difference between the regulatory department and the martial arts people. It seems that disputes are indeed everywhere. Even though I haven't even passed the assessment, there are already two groups of people trying to recruit me.

Before Wang Yongsan could speak, Liu Sanshe on the side sneered and took over the conversation.

"You, Duke Xu, are best at scheming and tricks. Why would you be so kind as to give us the Xuan Medicine for no reason?"

"Your people, I just listened to them for a while over there. It seems like they haven't agreed to join you yet?"

After Duke Xu finished speaking, he turned his face towards Wang Yongsan and smiled with an annoying expression: "Little brother, you probably don't know what the Xisu Dan is, right?"

Wang Yongsan suddenly felt a chill down his spine.

He thought to himself: "This Duke Xu, could he be a homosexual with a preference for men?"

Liu Sanshe was probably worried that Wang Yongsan would be tempted by the Xuan Medicine, so he reminded him: "Little brother Wang, you mustn't be greedy. Duke Xu has many evil methods. The best way to protect yourself is to ignore him."

Wang Yongsan blinked his big eyes, looking confused: "Liu Ge, I want to ask, what is this Xisu Dan, and what about the gambling platform?"

Before Liu Sanshe could answer, Duke Xu had already sat down next to Wang Yongsan.

"Little brother, if you have any questions, you can ask me. I know more than your Liu Ge."

As he spoke, he also reached out his hand, intending to place it on Wang Yongsan's leg, which scared Wang Yongsan into quickly squeezing over to Liu Sanshe's side.

While squeezing, he also warned loudly: "Hey, you can talk all you want, but don't touch me randomly!"

Giggle...

Duke Xu laughed especially happily, biting his lips and making a disgusting flirty expression.

Even Liu Sanshe on the side felt disgusted by him, turning his face yellow as if he had eaten a bitter gall.

After laughing for a while, Duke Xu then said: "If you want to know what the Xisu Dan is, you first have to understand our martial arts people's aspirations. Specifically, they can be divided into four levels: Tian Di Xuan Huang (Heaven Earth Xuan Yellow). Besides gold, each level is further divided into four grades: lower, middle, upper, and supreme."

"Huang is simple; it refers to gold. We martial arts people are also human, we need food and clothing too, so money is our most basic and lowest level of demand."

"Xuan is quite rare; it generally includes Xuan Medicine, Xuan Weapons, Xuan Techniques, etc., referring to things that are quite profound. The Xisu Dan is one of the lower grade Xuan Pills, and for a little brother like you who has just entered the Xisu Realm, one is enough to increase your cultivation by one level."

"As for Tian and Di, they are some rare treasures that you can't even dream of right now."

"A regular regulator who just joins can obtain one lower grade Xuan Medicine, which is already quite lucky. I gave you two Xisu Dans at once; it's really elevating you quite a bit."

Oh oh oh, oh your mother!

Wang Yongsan was almost disgusted to death by this guy's voice. Compared to Xia Shengnan's "Meow Meow", it was a hundred thousand times cuter.

However, Duke Xu's explanation did benefit Wang Yongsan greatly.

Last time, his cousin brother Wang Yongli mentioned rare treasures but didn't explain them in such detail. Now it seems that this Xuan Medicine should also be able to help people improve their physique.


Chapter 208:
"What about the gambling arena?" Wang Yongsan asked again.

Xu Gongzi spoke slowly: "The gambling arena is a small competition organized by the thirteen groups in our Ludo Province, where everyone puts up the same bet and practices against each other. The winner takes away the loser's belongings. If a newcomer participates in the battle, the winner will receive some rewards, and the loser won't suffer any losses. Their group will pay their bets for them."

Wang Yongsan didn't dare to fully believe what Xu Gongzi said.

He used his eyes to ask Liu Sandao, who nodded in agreement with Xu Gongzi.

However, Liu Sandao reminded Wang Yongsan again that Xu Gongzi was unreliable and might ask for payment in bed instead of giving two pieces of Xuan Medicine.

When Wang Yongsan heard this, he felt a sudden tightening in his lower abdomen.

"I'm sorry, but I don't plan to..."

Before Wang Yongsan could finish his sentence, a "ding" suddenly appeared in his mind.

"New task released."

Wang Yongsan was stunned for a moment before becoming excited.

He had thought that after joining the regulatory department, tasks would follow.

But he didn't expect that even before completing the formal assessment, a new task would already be triggered.

The prompt continued.

"Current task: Stand out from the crowd."

"Task description: As the saying goes, a golden fish cannot remain in shallow waters; once it meets favorable conditions, it transforms into a dragon. As the host of the system, how can you be content to work under others? Please participate in the gambling arena and win at least five battles, raising your own flag within the Lushan Province regulatory department."

"Task requirements: 1. Do not accept invitations from any factions; 2. Challenge at least one 'second-year' or older veteran regulator."

"Upon task completion, reward: 100 points of death-defying credits. Failure to complete the task will result in a deduction of 1 life cycle (60 years)."

After reading the task description, Wang Yongsan was completely stunned.

Complete the task and receive 100 points of death-defying credits, or fail and lose half a life cycle?

This task was too unusual.

Wang Yongsan felt that the good treatment for this task must be due to its high difficulty.

In other words, there should be some danger in the gambling arena.

"Little brother Wang?"

Liu Sandao waved his hand and asked, "What are you hesitating about? Listen to your brother. Greed can lead to one's own destruction; you won't be able to take advantage of Xu Gongzi. Why not join us? Although I only have an extra piece of Xianshui Pill today, when there are more Xuan Medicines later, I won't give you less."

Wang Yongsan had already received the task, and whether it was 100 points of death-defying credits or a deduction of half a life cycle, he couldn't accept it.

Therefore, although he knew that Liu Sandao was trying to help him, he could only disappoint him.

"I'm sorry, Liu Ge (Big Brother Liu), but I don't plan to join any factions."

Wang Yongsan's answer left Liu Sandao somewhat disappointed.

However, upon careful thought, Wang Yongsan didn't plan to join any factions, which meant he wouldn't join Xu Gongzi's camp either.

Xu Gongzi frowned, stood up, and said, "Little brother, it's not that I didn't give you a chance. It's impossible to survive alone here. If you change your mind, come find me at the Linjiang Group anytime. I'll keep my Xianshui Pill for you."

(Note: "Linjiang Group" refers to the "River Mirror Group" mentioned in the original text.)


Chapter 209:
"Thank you, Mr. Xu, but I won't join your group."

Wang Yongsan's words were resolute.

Not to mention that the system didn't allow him to join any faction, even if it did, he wouldn't dare to mix with this Mr. Xu in the same group.

Liu Sandao stopped feeling nauseous when he saw Mr. Xu leaving, and then sighed in relief, "Little Brother Wang, do you plan to mix around by yourself in the regulatory department?"

Wang Yongsan asked back, "Is that not possible?"

"It is possible, but since everyone else has a faction while you don't, you will easily be bullied." Liu Sandao slightly frowned; he wouldn't bully Wang Yongsan, but there were quite a few people in the regulatory department who liked to bully newcomers.








Wang Yongsan certainly knew this principle; no matter where one was, those who didn't fit in would be ostracized.

However, the task of seeking death couldn't be avoided; that was his bottom line.

"I understand what you mean, Brother Liu, but I have my own reasons; I really can't join any faction." Wang Yongsan said with difficulty.

"I believe you; we share a similar taste and our names both have the character 'san', so it's fate. After chatting with you just now, I already consider you a friend even if you don't join us. If you encounter any difficulties in the future, feel free to come and find your elder brother." Liu Sandao patted his chest and said.

"Thank you, Brother Liu."

Wang Yongsan chuckled, "Since that's the case, I want to ask Brother Liu for two Washing Marrow Pills; you will help me, right?"

Liu Sandao was taken aback for a moment.

He did intend to help Wang Yongsan in the future when he encountered difficulties, but he didn't expect his little brother to be so straightforward and not polite at all.

"Hahaha, Little Brother Wang, I only have three Washing Marrow Pills on me; two new members who just joined our group need one each, so I'll give you the remaining one."

Liu Sandao took out a medicine bottle and poured out a Washing Marrow Pill from it.

In an instant, the surrounding area was filled with the aroma of medicine.

Wang Yongsan quickly took it and happily said, "Thank you, Brother Liu; however, since I didn't join your group, I can't take this Washing Marrow Pill for free. Once I win the arena battle, I will return it to you with interest."

"Ah?"

Liu Sandao widened his eyes, "You plan to participate in the arena battle?"

Wang Yongsan blinked and said, "Yes, why not? Otherwise, what would I borrow your Washing Marrow Pill for? Since I don't have a faction backing me up, no one would help pay the gambling debt for me; I can only borrow some first."

Liu Sandao didn't want Wang Yongsan to participate in the arena battle.

Those who came here for the assessment could basically pass, but even with passing results, their strength would vary.

He initially appreciated Wang Yongsan because he saw that the young man had potential, but youth often represented weakness.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan didn't have any faction backing him up.

Other factions could increase their strength by providing Washing Marrow Pills in advance, as well as other temporary medicines that enhanced explosive power. As for Wang Yongsan, he only had the one Washing Marrow Pill that Liu Sandao just gave him.

"Little Brother Wang, it's not that I'm trying to discourage you; winning the arena battle won't be easy. A Washing Marrow Pill can at least increase your cultivation by one level; don't waste it just to vent your anger."

Liu Sandao advised earnestly.


Chapter 210:
Wang Yongsan was completely unconcerned as he said, "I know you, Brother Liu. Trust me, I'm very strong."

"Ah~"

Liu Sandao sighed.

This little brother Wang had a personality and temperament that suited his taste, but he was somewhat unaware of the world's vastness.

It was just a single Ximu Pill, and letting him learn a lesson would be considered a good thing. The only downside was the high cost.

Wang Yongsan didn't know that although Ximu Pill was only a Xuan-grade treasure and could be artificially refined, its price was also quite expensive.

A single Ximu Pill would cost at least three million if converted into money, and the key point was that even with money, it might not be possible to purchase one.

The assessment had already begun, but after waiting for a long time, Wang Yongsan's name was finally called.

The unified assessment was quite simple, consisting of only two projects.

The first was physical fitness assessment, measured by specialized instruments.

The second was internal strength assessment, requiring the participant to perform an attack, after which three assessors would score based on the striking force.

After completing these two assessments, someone would provide a comprehensive evaluation and then announce whether the participant had passed or not.

Once passing, there was still more to do.

All those who passed the assessment would attend a one-hour law course, mainly explaining the duties and powers of being a Jianghu regulator, followed by informing new members about certain taboos.

Finally, they would receive a certificate made on the spot and an electronic password card.

This password card was dynamic, allowing access to the regulator network for learning various martial arts or techniques, as well as posting on forums to buy or sell certain treasures.

What Wang Yongsan wanted was this thing; with it, he could learn martial arts when he returned.

"Hmm? "

As Wang Yongsan walked back after receiving his items, he suddenly saw a familiar face.

"Li Biaozi? This guy is also a newcomer. "

Li Biaozi was the groom from the last wedding who had been disrupted by Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan knew at the time that he was from Jianghu, but he didn't expect to be in the same batch as himself.

Wang Yongsan shook his head and didn't take this grandson seriously.

However, he didn't know that Xu Gongzi had come to find him today because of Li Biaozi's instigation. He himself dared not offend Wang Yongsan, so he wanted to use others' strength to take revenge for being jilted at the wedding.

And just now, he had been stirring up trouble everywhere, telling others that Wang Yongsan was a chicken and could be provoked to participate in the gambling stage.

Unbeknownst to him, Wang Yongsan had already started considering how to participate in all five matches. Li Biaozi wanted to harm him but ended up helping him from the side.

As time approached three in the afternoon.

Since there were various snacks and drinks in the room, everyone had skipped lunch at noon.

With the assessment fully completed and the assessors leaving with their belongings, all that remained were the regulators from Ludo Province.

"Please be quiet for a moment, everyone; let's calm down a bit. "

Someone stepped forward—a relatively attractive middle-aged woman.

"Next up is our gambling stage competition. We regulators don't like to beat around the bush; I won't say any more unnecessary words. Now, I announce that the gambling stage competition has begun."

"Newcomers have priority in gambling; anyone who wants to make a strong start, you can go up now."

```


Chapter 211:
The beautiful woman finished speaking, and immediately someone below began to shout.

"Xiwang Group, new member Xu You, please teach me a lesson."

As soon as the voice fell, a young man in a tight outfit flew onto the stage with light and agile martial arts skills, causing cheers from the audience below.

After the young man in a tight outfit went up to the stage, he handed a small bottle in his hand to the beautiful woman.

After checking it, she announced, "Xu You's bet is a washing marrow pill. Whoever has any ideas about it should seize the opportunity now."

The beautiful woman's voice was very enticing, and as soon as she finished speaking, another person flew onto the stage.

"I am Bishan Group, Mu Zaiyuan, please teach me a lesson."

Likewise, Mu Zaiyuan also took out a washing marrow pill.

These pills were given to them by the groups they joined. If they lost, there would be compensation from their group after returning; if they won, the pills would belong to them.

Indeed, martial artists' fights were straightforward and didn't waste words. After the beautiful woman confirmed the contents of the bottle, they immediately started fighting.

Wang Yongsan didn't rush to go up to the stage.

He wanted to observe these newcomers' strength first. If he could defeat them, he would go up; if not, he would see how much of a gap there was before deciding whether to try drawing abilities first.

After all, Wang Yongsan only had thirty points of death points from the last task reward. If these people were really too strong, and the mission was doomed to fail, he could use the points to buy life extension pills to get through difficulties.

So unless it was a critical moment, he dared not easily choose to draw abilities.








The fight on the stage was exciting, and it had already reached ten or so rounds.

Compared to boxing matches where fighters would rest after a few moves, the new supervisors on the stage didn't have any breaks. They exchanged blows continuously, with each punch landing solidly.

In the end, Mu Zaiyuan won with a slight advantage.

"Congratulations to Bishan Group's Mu Zaiyuan for winning the bet. Here are your rewards and wagers, please take good care of them."

Mu Zaiyuan's strength wasn't much stronger than his opponent, and his face was swollen from being hit.

He limped away with the wager in hand, waved to the audience below, gave a seemingly strained smile, and then went down from the stage.

When he went up to the stage, his movements were ethereal; when coming down, he needed someone to support him. The price for a washing marrow pill was indeed quite high.

As for the other loser, he didn't even get a reward and was carried away by others.

Wang Yongsan felt that the rewards from this stage were limited, so not many people would go up. However, he clearly underestimated the power of the washing marrow pill.

As soon as the stage became empty, without even waiting for the beautiful woman to host, two more people flew onto the stage at the same time.

"Longtai Group, Qu Lei, please teach me a lesson."

"Jinhe Group, Bai Tiangan, please teach me a lesson."

Each of them had a washing marrow pill, and after the hostess confirmed it, they immediately started fighting fiercely.

Wang Yongsan couldn't understand these people, fighting tooth and nail for a washing marrow pill.

At this time, Wang Yongsan didn't think about the fact that he had a points shop where he could buy physical attributes, so he didn't value the washing marrow pill. However, for other martial artists, a single washing marrow pill was often worth several months of their hard cultivation.

Never mind whether it was valuable or not, the key was that these newcomers rarely had access to such items.


Chapter 212:
If getting a Half-Washed Pill by fighting was possible, they would have rushed to grab it like crazy.

The second round of the martial arts platform ended with Longtai Group's Qi Lei winning.

As one person walked off the stage and another was carried away, Wang Yunsan hesitated about whether to go up next.

After watching two matches, he realized that the strength of all four newcomers was weak.

Their physiques were only around eleven or twelve points, their internal energy was rough, and their martial arts skills were a mishmash. Their fighting style resembled gang fights more than anything, except for their speed and strength, which were on a completely different level.

If all the newcomers were of this caliber, completing his mission would be easy.

Before he could make up his mind, two more people had already climbed onto the stage.

Wang Yunsan became anxious. There were only twenty-something newcomers, and if he kept delaying, he might not be able to complete his mission. Just as he was about to push forward, a voice suddenly came from beside him.

"Brother, wait a moment."

A forty-year-old man with a fierce face rushed over from the side and stood in front of Wang Yunsan. "I saw you participated in the assessment earlier, so you must be a newcomer too, right?"

Wang Yunsan looked at the man and frowned. "Are you a newcomer too?"

The fierce-faced man laughed heartily. "Yes, we're all newcomers from the same batch. My name is Shi Tianxiang, and I hope you can take care of me in the future."

Shi Tianxiang extended his hand, but it was a bit dirty. Wang Yunsan still shook it politely.

"We should help each other; there's no need for any special care," Wang Yunsan said politely.

Shi Tianxiang humbly replied, "I don't deserve it. Although we are all newcomers, I am already 27 years old when I finally passed the assessment. In terms of talent and ability, I am far inferior to you young people."

Wang Yunsan was momentarily dazed.

This fierce-faced man looked like he could easily pass for forty, yet he was only 27 years old.

He aged too quickly!

Shi Tianxiang continued, "Young brother, you see, everyone else has already gone up to compete. You are so young yet have become a supervisor. Don't you want to show off your skills?"

"Well, I do have some thoughts about it."

Wang Yunsan didn't understand what this person wanted to do and didn't reveal everything.

Shi Tianxiang laughed heartily. "Of course, young people should have some ambition. You see, I am old and my cultivation is low. If I fight with others, I will be defeated in just a few moves. I need to maintain my face, but I also want to spar with someone and show my face. That's why I came to you."

Wang Yunsan chuckled. "Why me? Do you think I'm an easy target?"

Shi Tianxiang glared. "What are you talking about? What I mean is, my mediocre skills will result in defeat no matter who I fight against. If I lose to someone who looks like a genius, it will still give me some face, right?"

Wang Yunsan nodded. "That seems to make sense."

"Of course it does! So, I want to ask you if we can go up together and compete? Anyway, it's our group's items that will be lost if we lose. Consider it my gift to you as a token of friendship."

Shi Tianxiang spoke with great righteousness, exuding a generous and sincere air of camaraderie.

If Wang Yunsan didn't have the ability to see Qi, unaware that this man had a physique of 14 points, he might have believed him.


Chapter 213:
However, now...

Wang Yongsan laughed and took advantage of the situation: "Since Brother Tianxiao has said so, I will certainly accept your good intentions."

"So we're agreed?" The muscular man was overjoyed.

Wang Yongsan was also happy: "A gentleman's word is as good as gold, and I will ask my brother to be lenient later."

"Don't worry, don't worry, I'm just going up to show my face and definitely won't be able to beat you." The muscular man laughed loudly.

The third round of gambling ended quickly.

This time, before the two had even stepped off the stage, the muscular man jumped onto the stage and shouted loudly: "I am Shitianxiao, a newcomer from Linjiang Group. Please come up and give me some advice, little brother."

To call someone by name directly is to challenge them.

Wang Yongsan climbed up the stage slowly and steadily, causing a burst of laughter from the audience below.

"Hahaha, this guy has no spirit at all."

"Yeah, stepping onto the stage is a moment to show off. How can there be someone like him who climbs up step by step?"

"Seeing his bear-like appearance, you know that he will be beaten badly later."

"Such a pity for such a handsome face. He'll turn into a pig head later."

The audience below was making a commotion.

What Wang Yongsan wanted was for others to look down on him.

He had to complete five matches in a row to finish his task. If he performed too well at the beginning and scared others away, what would he do if no one dared to fight him?

And most importantly... Wang Yongsan didn't know any light martial arts.

"I am the newcomer Wang Yongsan, participating in the gambling match on my own behalf."

Splash!

A stone stirred up a thousand waves.

It has been many years since newcomers participated in gambling matches on their own behalf.

The audience below was discussing it, and many people thought that Wang Yongsan not only had no spirit but also his brain was underdeveloped, causing their impression of him to drop even further.

Many people even thought that Shitianxiao had known this kid beforehand and only then agreed to gamble with him, making it a sure win.

The beautiful host confirmed: "Are you really participating in the gambling match on your own behalf and not joining any group?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head and took out a Washing Marrow Pill: "I have my own bet. Do I still need to join someone else's team for gambling?"

"Of course, of course."

The beautiful host took the Washing Marrow Pill, and its aroma was intoxicating. She didn't even need to look at it to know that it was genuine.








After confirming that the Washing Marrow Pill was genuine, the beautiful host announced the start of the gambling match.

"Tianxiao Brother, please."

Wang Yongsan bowed with his fists clasped in front of him.

Shitianxiao naturally bowed his head as well: "Little brother..."

Before the word "please" could come out, Wang Yongsan flew forward and kicked towards the opponent's crotch.

*Pa*.

The sound of shattered balls.

Shitianxiao hadn't understood what was happening when he felt an indescribable pain coming from between his legs. His face turned pale instantly, and at the same time, a pig-killing scream came from his mouth.

"Ahhhhhhhhh! My balls!"

Everyone,

including the beautiful host,

including the new and old supervisors below the stage.

Everyone except Wang Yongsan and the screaming Shitianxiao was petrified.

What the hell, an ambush is one thing, but to actually ambush someone's balls?

You can't be so shameless.


Chapter 214:
"Beautiful sister, do you think I won?"

"..."

The beautiful hostess had not recovered from the shock yet.

Wang Yongsan waved his hand in front of her face: "Beautiful sister? Beautiful sister? Are you okay?"

The beautiful hostess was shaken by him and only then came back to her senses, saying with a bitter smile: "This... should be considered winning, right?"

"What do you mean by 'should'?"

Wang Yongsan complained: "He has already lost his fighting ability. Can you ask me to kill him?"

The beautiful hostess had a bitter expression on her face and thought to herself, that Shi Tianxiang must be feeling worse than death right now.

But no matter what, Wang Yongsan did win after all.

"Okay, I announce that Wang Yongsan has won..."

"Wait a minute."

A voice with a soft anger interrupted the beautiful hostess's words.

Xu Gongzi leaped onto the stage with one step and pointed at Wang Yongsan angrily: "You just cheated, didn't you see it? If this counts as his victory, then in the future, who will fight fairly?"

"That's right, Xu Gongzi is right."

"He must be disqualified and punished. Otherwise, it will be difficult to appease the public's anger."

"I say, let's kick him out of the Regulatory Team."

The ones who shouted were all members of Linjiang Group.

On the other side, Liu Sandao also stood up immediately to support Wang Yongsan.

"Xu Gongzi, when it comes to cheating, you are the second, and no one dares to claim the first, right? But on the contrary, it is Wang Xiaodong. He didn't break any rules and didn't pursue relentlessly after winning with one move. Afterward, he stepped back and stood still. Although his fighting methods are somewhat lacking, after all, he is a newcomer who hasn't learned martial techniques yet. Using the way ordinary people fight can be understood, right?"

Liu Sandao's popularity was obviously much better than Xu Gongzi's. As soon as he spoke, there were many people who agreed with him.

Xu Gongzi glared at Liu Sandao and shouted angrily: "You surnamed Liu, this little bastard ruined my man. Do you really want to stick up for him?"

Liu Sandao didn't care and said indifferently: "How can I not see where he was ruined? Why don't you remind me, where did he get ruined?"

Xu Gongzi was speechless.

He himself was not capable in that area. Underneath his effeminate appearance, he actually had a heart that wanted to be strong.

But all these years, he still couldn't recover his functions. Therefore, whenever this topic was mentioned, he felt extremely inferior.

Xu Gongzi gritted his teeth and hated Liu Sandao and Wang Yongsan to the core in his heart.

On the other hand, Wang Yongsan was calm and composed: "Beautiful sister, you were about to announce my victory just now. You represent the official side. You won't change your judgment because someone threatened you a few times, right?"

"Of course not."

The beautiful hostess cleared her throat and said solemnly: "Xu Gongzi, Wang Yongsan didn't break any rules. Please step down immediately and don't interfere with the subsequent matches."

Xu Gongzi bit his teeth and laughed coldly: "Fine, you won just now. Now I will compete with you. Do you dare to accept?"

"I don't dare."

Wang Yongsan admitted defeat decisively.

Xu Gongzi was at the third level of the Conduit Realm, one whole realm higher than Wang Yongsan.

Even if Wang Yongsan currently had the cat's eye and luck abilities in use, he still wouldn't be his opponent.

"I will increase the bet by ten times. Do you dare to accept?" Xu Gongzi shouted angrily.

"I don't dare."


Chapter 215:
```
Wang Yongsan answered very decisively.

Xu Gongzi was so angry that he wanted to kill him on the spot, but there were many people around. If he hurt someone, it would cause big trouble.

"Young Master."

At this moment, a burly man came to Xu Gongzi's side and volunteered: "Let me meet him. Linjiang Group newcomer, Duan Jiang, do you dare to accept the challenge?"

Wang Yongsan glanced at him.

The ability of looking at Qi was activated.

This Duan Jiang's physique is fifteen points, and his energy has reached eighteen points.

Wang Yongsan was not afraid of this Duan Jiang, but if he fought him, it would be easy to expose his strength. If he scared others and no one dared to fight with him later, the task would fail.

"How? Not dare? Then I will double the bet. If you win, I will give you two Washing Marrow Pills. How about that?"

Wow~

The commotion below the stage.

Double the bet, that is what the second-year supervisor would use when gambling with a newcomer. But this Duan Jiang was just a new employee!

"Okay, double it then. But I have two Washing Marrow Pills now. If you want to double it, you will have to pay four."

One Washing Marrow Pill can increase one's physique, which is equivalent to twenty points of death-defying points. If he could win four Washing Marrow Pills from this person, that would be eighty points of credit.

Although doing so might expose his strength and lead to mission failure, he had to help Hua Shengnan find the gene restoration medicine. He must try his best to improve his strength. With such a big temptation in front of him, Wang Yongsan was reluctant to give up.

"Haha, four is fine, I can't ask for more."

As a special newcomer of Linjiang Group, Duan Jiang could quickly improve to fifteen points of physique after breaking through the Washing Marrow Realm. He was not short of Washing Marrow Pills on his body either.

He took out four Washing Marrow Pills casually and handed them to the beautiful hostess.

"The bet is correct, irrelevant people please step down." The beautiful host asked Xu Gongzi.

Xu Gongzi couldn't deal with Wang Yongsan himself, but with Duan Jiang taking action, the result would be the same.

"Little Duan, be gentle when you start later, don't kill him."

"Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

Xu Gongzi stepped down.

The gambling began.

Wang Yongsan had already cheated one person before, and this time Duan Jiang didn't hold back. He clasped his fists together and flew towards Wang Yongsan directly.

The two of them fought fiercely immediately.

Bang bang bang bang,

Boom boom boom…

The two of them punched and kicked each other, fighting inseparably.

Everyone below the stage was stunned.

The combat power displayed by Wang Yongsan and Duan Jiang now completely crushed this year's newcomers. Even some ordinary second-year students might not be able to exert such strength.

They thought that Wang Yongsan was an idiot who relied on trickery to defeat Shi Tianxiang.

Now it seems that even if he didn't cheat, Shi Tianxiang would not be his opponent at all.

Ninety-fifth chapter: Who else?

Those who didn't look good on Wang Yongsan before all became mute now.

No spirit when going up?

He was just too lazy to show off.

Trickery and kicking eggs?

Come on, he just didn't want to waste time and ended the fight in the simplest way.

```


Chapter 216:
The Jianghu is like this: the strong are respected. As long as you can fight, no matter what you say or do, even if it's completely unreasonable, there will be a crowd of people helping you find reasons.

Inverting black and white is quite normal within this group.

A heavy blow sounded with a 'bang'.

The two men finally separated briefly.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan's clothes were somewhat tattered, his face and hands had many bruises, and blood was flowing from the corner of his mouth.

On the other side, Duan Jiang was also injured quite badly. Although he didn't look as terrible as Wang Yongsan, his stance revealed that his leg was injured.

"Refreshing!"

"Again!"

Two madmen-like individuals collided once more.

This time, the outcome was quickly determined.

Duan Jiang, due to his leg being severely injured, moved a step slower and was punched in the ear by Wang Yongsan, fainting on the spot.

Silence fell over the scene.

Duan Jiang, a direct descendant of the Linjiang Duan family, his father being the deputy minister of the Ludong Jianghu Supervision Department from the previous term.

Last year, at twenty-one years old, he broke through to the Xisu realm and then within half a year, relying on Xisu Pills to level up to the fifth layer of Xisu, using Ji Qi Pills to enhance his internal strength to the eighth layer. He had also practiced Duan's Iron Wire Fist since childhood, with unparalleled boxing skills.

However,

He lost to an unknown young man who was even younger by a few years?

Is this really true about talents?

Although the major families and those from Kyoto often mention talents, everyone knows that talent is relative; it doesn't significantly affect cultivation. The reason they are called talents is because they consumed better auxiliary medicines and practiced superior techniques from a young age.

Could this young man in front of us be the son of some great family?

"I declare, this round is won by Wang Yongsan!"

The beautiful host was quite professional; amidst her surprise, she didn't forget to announce Wang Yongsan's victory.

Wang Yongsan showed his white teeth, staggeringly raised his hand towards the audience below and waved.

Then, with the weakest tone possible, he uttered the most powerful and domineering words.

"Still—anyone?"

The crowd below exchanged glances.

This young man in front of them was already so exhausted that even lifting his arms seemed difficult, yet he still dared to challenge others?

Isn't this blatantly giving away Xisu Pills?

Nobody is a fool; it's clear that Wang Yongsan's injuries are quite severe.

But there must be something unusual about this situation.

He's already injured like this, why does he still dare to challenge others?

Is it just because he's overly arrogant?

Wang Yongsan saw that after his words, nobody came up to challenge him, and he felt somewhat disappointed.

Duan Jiang was indeed much stronger than Wang Yongsan had imagined, but if Wang Yongsan hadn't deliberately held back, Duan Jiang wouldn't have been injured so badly. Wang Yongsan deliberately let him win to make his victory seem more tragic, giving others the illusion that they could take advantage of him.

In fact, Wang Yongsan had secretly consumed many things below the stage, and his metabolic energy was now rapidly recovering his injuries.

In just a few minutes, Wang Yongsan would be lively and spirited again.

"Alas, nobody dares to come up? It seems everyone has a clear understanding of their abilities."

```


Chapter 217:
```
Wang Yongsan mocked, attempting to ignite everyone's fury.

However, no one was foolish; the more he did this, the less anyone dared to venture onto the stage.

Wang Yongsan saw that this mission was thoroughly ruined, but he had thirty points of credit left, which could be used to purchase some lifespan, thus negating the mission's punishment.

As Wang Yongsan was about to descend from the stage, Xu Gongzi couldn't hold back any longer.

He suddenly stepped forward and announced loudly, "Everyone, this kid is already done for; you might as well go up and gamble with him. If you win, the Bone Marrow Elixir is yours; if you lose, it's on me, Xu Gongzi."

A commotion arose.

Humans will die for wealth, and birds will die for food.

People might not care about face, but they would never refuse the Bone Marrow Elixir.

Once Xu Gongzi said this, two quick-witted newcomers immediately jumped out.

"I am Bai Shan Group's rookie, Xu Guang; please teach me."

"I am Sui Tu Group's rookie, Su Ming; please teach me."

"Xu Guang brother, I was here first."

"Su Ming brother, it was clearly me who came first; why don't you wait a moment?"

Both individuals jumped onto the stage without regard for order, making it difficult to decide.

Everyone wanted the Bone Marrow Elixir, but if Wang Yongsan was defeated by the first challenger, there would be no chance for anyone else to challenge him.

Thus, the first challenger's spot was essentially equivalent to the Bone Marrow Elixir.

The two argued until they were red in the face, even the beautiful host couldn't determine who had jumped onto the stage first.

As they were about to fight, Wang Yongsan spoke up.

"Alright, alright; you two can go together."

What?

Everyone thought they had misheard.

Wang Yongsan repeated, "I said you two can go together; don't waste time. Of course, if both of you lose to me, you will each need to give me six Bone Marrow Elixirs. If I lose, the six Bone Marrow Elixirs will be split between you two; how about that?"

His final question was directed at Xu Gongzi.

After all, it was he who had to provide the gambling funds for others; his approval was necessary.

Xu Gongzi forgot that Wang Yongsan currently had six Bone Marrow Elixirs and thought he would only need to provide one or two.

Twelve Bone Marrow Elixirs were also a significant amount for him, requiring him to gather them together. However, he was now caught between a rock and a hard place, and his cultivation was higher than others', allowing him to see that Wang Yongsan had real injuries.

Thus, after hesitating, he reluctantly agreed.

"Alright; I don't have that many Bone Marrow Elixirs on me right now. Can I owe you some for now?"

Wang Yongsan looked at the beautiful host, "Beautiful sister, can I owe some?"

The beautiful host nodded, "Yes."

"Alright then."

Wang Yongsan nodded and then made a shocking proposal, "Since I can owe some, why don't I owe a bit more? I will offer six Bone Marrow Elixirs and then owe four more, totaling ten Bone Marrow Elixirs. Xu Gongzi, if you think you have a chance of winning against me, then offer twenty Bone Marrow Elixirs."

My heavens!

Twenty Bone Marrow Elixirs!

No one present could easily produce so many Bone Marrow Elixirs.

Perhaps only the high-ranking officials of Lu Shan Province's martial arts regulatory department could produce this many at once. If this gambling agreement were to go through, the outcome… would be unimaginable.
```


Chapter 218:
Twenty, everyone's heart was almost pressed by this number.

However, Wang Yongsan looked at Xu Gongzi with a calm face and waited for his answer.

In fact, Wang Yongsan wanted to say more, but he was afraid that Xu Gongzi would not dare to gamble, so he only said this much.

In his opinion, Xu Gongzi dared to easily take out twelve with him to gamble, so he should also be able to take out twenty if he bit the bullet.

Facts proved that Wang Yongsan was right to bet.

Xu Gongzi's voice trembled as he said word by word, "Okay, twenty is twenty, I will gamble with you."








Bam~

The people below were going crazy.

Xu Gongzi actually really took twenty Washing Marrow Pills to gamble with this little fresh meat.

Once spoken, a chariot cannot be caught. Wang Yongsan was almost laughing in his heart.

He had self-knowledge, and he also had the technique of looking at Qi to see through the strength of the two people in front of him. It could be said that he knew he would win steadily.

As for Xu Gongzi, seeing Wang Yongsan increase the amount of gambling again and again, although he was nervous, he became more determined that Wang Yongsan was a stubborn duck with its mouth hard, trying to scare himself with large amounts of gambling money, but actually wanted to pretend to be cool and then run away.

"Twenty, I agreed, Ms. Lin, can we announce the start of the gamble?"

Xu Gongzi was trembling all over. It wasn't because he thought he would lose, but because the twenty Washing Marrow Pills were too huge in number.

Ms. Lin was the beautiful host, and when she heard this, she nodded and said, "Okay, since both parties have agreed on the bet, then the gambling agreement takes effect."

"I declare, the duel begins."

With a shout, both sides quickly entered combat mode.

As long as they win, each person can get three Washing Marrow Pills. At this time, the two challengers were almost excitedly bursting. They had no intention of hiding their clumsiness and used their ultimate moves as soon as they made a move.

"Heaven-shaking Fist."

"Twelve Styles of Su Family Leg Technique."

The two punched and kicked, one far and one near, attacking Wang Yongsan at the same time.

However, Wang Yongsan didn't entangle with them and directly met their fists and feet, punching Xu Rong, who used the Heaven-shaking Fist, in the face.

Both sides were hit hard at the same time.

Wang Yongsan staggered and took three steps back, his stomach was kicked, and there was a red swelling on his face.

On the other hand, Xu Gongzi was directly beaten by Wang Yongsan and became dizzy. He actually fell to the ground while retreating.

"My God, this kid is really resistant to beating!"

"Not only is he resistant to beating, but his strength is also very strong."

"It looks like only the second or third layer of Washing Marrow, why is he so strong?"

"Do you still need to guess, it must be because his martial arts are awesome."

There are three factors that affect a person's combat power. The first is cultivation, the second is the strength of internal energy, and the third is martial arts.

The most awesome martial arts can exert a combat power several times higher than their own cultivation, and even allow people to defeat their opponents by three or five small levels.

Duan Jiang's martial arts itself can fight across small levels, and Wang Yongsan is even more awesome than him, of course his martial arts are better than him.

"Come again."

Wang Yongsan shouted loudly.

Although the metabolic energy was recovering, he didn't suffer much injury, but it still hurt when someone hit him in the face.

```

The task is to translate the provided Chinese text into perfect English, following the specified rules. Here's the translation:Twenty, everyone's heart was almost pressed by this number.

However, Wang Yongsan looked at Xu Gongzi with a calm face and waited for his answer.

In fact, Wang Yongsan wanted to say more, but he was afraid that Xu Gongzi would not dare to gamble, so he only said this much.

In his opinion, Xu Gongzi dared to easily take out twelve with him to gamble, so he should also be able to take out twenty if he bit the bullet.

Facts proved that Wang Yongsan was right to bet.

Xu Gongzi's voice trembled as he said word by word, "Okay, twenty is twenty, I will gamble with you."








Bam~

The people below were going crazy.

Xu Gongzi actually really took twenty Washing Marrow Pills to gamble with this little fresh meat.

Once spoken, a chariot cannot be caught. Wang Yongsan was almost laughing in his heart.

He had self-knowledge, and he also had the technique of looking at Qi to see through the strength of the two people in front of him. It could be said that he knew he would win steadily.

As for Xu Gongzi, seeing Wang Yongsan increase the amount of gambling again and again, although he was nervous, he became more determined that Wang Yongsan was a stubborn duck with its mouth hard, trying to scare himself with large amounts of gambling money, but actually wanted to pretend to be cool and then run away.

"Twenty, I agreed, Ms. Lin, can we announce the start of the gamble?"

Xu Gongzi was trembling all over. It wasn't because he thought he would lose, but because the twenty Washing Marrow Pills were too huge in number.

Ms. Lin was the beautiful host, and when she heard this, she nodded and said, "Okay, since both parties have agreed on the bet, then the gambling agreement takes effect."

"I declare, the duel begins."

With a shout, both sides quickly entered combat mode.

As long as they win, each person can get three Washing Marrow Pills. At this time, the two challengers were almost excitedly bursting. They had no intention of hiding their clumsiness and used their ultimate moves as soon as they made a move.

"Heaven-shaking Fist."


Chapter 219:
Bang bang bang bang...

A punch against a leg, Wang Yongsan struggled to cope, and Su Ming from the Su family's leg technique also felt excruciating pain as if his bones were broken.

Xu Heng, who had fallen down, got up again, and then Wang Yongsan endured the beating to knock him down first. With Su Ming using only his legs, Wang Yongsan couldn't reach him with punches, so he could only slowly wear him down.

The battle was incredibly brutal.

Xu Heng fell six times before he finally stopped getting back up.

Su Ming's leg was also broken, and Wang Yongsan carried him up before throwing him off the stage.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan was bent over with his hands on his knees, gasping for breath.

His metabolic energy had been exhausted, and all his strength was used up. If the pitiful state he showed after fighting with Duan Jiang earlier was an act, then his current appearance was the true reflection of his condition.

The venue fell silent, and even the sound of breathing could be heard clearly.

The winner of the twenty-piece unrefined Marrow Cleansing Pill sparring match was decided, and the winner turned out to be the young man who seemed like he was half-dead from the start.

Everyone, even those who saw it with their own eyes, couldn't believe the result.

"I declare... Wang Yongsan wins!"

The beautiful host's voice was filled with uncertainty because even she didn't expect Wang Yongsan to win.

Silence fell over the entire venue.

Everyone looked at Xu Gongzi, who had lost twenty Marrow Cleansing Pills. He was almost driven insane by the loss.

His face turned bright red, his nostrils flared, and he struggled to breathe. His lips trembled as he said, "It's impossible, it's impossible! He was clearly at his limit earlier, so how could he have held on until the end? He must have cheated!"

Wang Yongsan suddenly grinned: "Xu Gongzi, the bet was witnessed by so many people. You can't just refuse to pay up!"

"Refuse to pay?"

Xu Gongzi sneered: "I didn't participate in the bet personally. There has never been a precedent where someone pays the wager on behalf of another in a bet. It's not up to you to say I refuse to pay!"

He couldn't afford to lose.

After all, twenty Marrow Cleansing Pills were something he had to scrape together from various sources.

"Enough!"

The beautiful host suddenly shouted angrily and glared at Xu Gongzi: "Xu Youyou, do you dare to openly break the rules of the bet?"

"Hahaha, Lin Jiachen, you don't have the authority to set rules. Do you think saying I broke them means I did? There has never been a rule where someone pays the wager on behalf of another!"

Xu Gongzi spoke sarcastically, infuriating the beautiful host to the point where her face turned red.

At that moment, a voice not very loud but filled with authority echoed throughout the venue.

"He doesn't have the authority, then what about me?"

Swish swish swish~

Everyone heard this voice and turned to look at the entrance of the venue.

Many old supervisors who recognized the person couldn't help but exclaim:

"It's the Minister!"

"Rushan Province Supervision Department Minister, Ye Qing?"

"And next to him is Lingjiang Group leader and Provincial Supervision Department Deputy Minister Duan Tianlang, Duan Jiang's older brother."

"And Longtai Group leader, Butcher Liu Tu."

"Why are all these big shots here today?"

Xu Gongzi turned pale with fright when he saw the Minister.


Chapter 220:
He looked at Duan Tianlang desperately for help and said cautiously, "Duan Group Leader, I was just joking with everyone to promote communication among the newcomers. Who would actually bet on twenty Washing Marrow Pills? Right, you think so too, don't you?"

"Hmph."

Duan Tianlang was a middle-aged man in his thirties, who let out a cold snort and said to Xu Gongzi, "Xu Youyou, from today onwards, you don't have to be the deputy group leader of Linjiang Group anymore. You should pay back those twenty Washing Marrow Pills yourself. If you don't, we can pay them back for you, but your qualification as a supervisor will be revoked."

"It's up to you to choose."

Revoking the supervisor qualification means becoming a 'black person' (a term referring to someone who has lost their official status).

When Xu Gongzi was in his position, many supervisors and other martial artists had been extorted by him. Once he lost his current position, those people would definitely come to settle accounts with him later.

Xu Gongzi's face contorted in anger, wishing he could kill Wang Yongsan who had caused him to end up like this.

But he dared not make a move at all.

"Alright, I'll give them back."

After much hesitation, Xu Gongzi still chose to stay in the Supervision Department.

However, he had not completely given up hope.

He took out a bottle from his bosom and opened it, revealing an aroma that was several times more intense than the Washing Marrow Pills.

Not only that, but there was also a faint fluorescent light seeping out from the bottle opening, indicating it was an extraordinary treasure.








"This is a middle-grade Profound Medicine - the Channeling Pill. Its value is enough to offset thirty Washing Marrow Pills," Xu Gongzi said as he revealed his Profound Medicine.

Even Duan Tianlang and the others couldn't help but glance at it when Xu Gongzi's Profound Medicine was revealed.

The Channeling Pill, as its name suggests, is a pill for martial artists in the Channeling Realm.

Once reaching the Channeling Realm, the cultivation speed would be ten times faster than in the Washing Marrow Realm. Without the Channeling Pill, it would still be fast to improve by a small realm in several years.

Xu Gongzi went through great efforts, exploiting many martial artists and subordinates, just to gather one Channeling Pill. He had originally planned to advance further, but now he had no choice but to use it.

Wang Yongsan heard that one Channeling Pill could be worth thirty Washing Marrow Pills, and his spirits immediately lifted.

"Xu Gongzi, what do you mean? I don't have any extra Washing Marrow Pills to give back."

Wang Yongsan was indeed worthy of being a businessman's son; he had the potential to be a cunning merchant.

Xu Gongzi chuckled, "No need to give back. I brought this out because I want to gamble with you, Wang Xiaoling. I'll give you both hands. If you can defeat me, then I'll give you this Channeling Pill. Otherwise, those twenty Washing Marrow Pills will be written off."

"What do you think?"

Giving both hands sounded like a good deal, but what if the other party was skilled in leg techniques?

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and asked the people around him, "Everyone, does Xu Gongzi have any special martial techniques? Is he good at using his legs?"

His question made even the Department Head Ye Qing and others laugh.


Chapter 221:
"Comrade Ye personally answered: 'Don't worry, Xu Youyou is best at claw techniques; his leg skills can be ignored. But given your current condition, I'm afraid he won't even need to use his feet; a puff of breath could knock you down. You'd better not compete.'

Comrade Ye's voice was magnetic and gentle.

Those who didn't know him might think, like Wang Yongsan, that he was a kind and friendly person. But those who did know him knew that Ye Qing was ruthless in his actions.

Even Duan Tianlang and the others beside him were somewhat afraid of him, puzzled as to why he was speaking so kindly to Wang Yongsan.

'Hmm, I need to think about this carefully.'

Wang Yongsan began to rub his fists together.

Aside from the fact that a Dan for activating meridians was equivalent to thirty cleansing meridians pills, the task of seeking death was now five-quarters complete. All that remained was to defeat the last supervisor from Year Two or above to finish it.

Although Xu Gongzi's strength was clearly higher than that of a Year Two supervisor, since he was willing to let Wang Yongsan use his legs—his non-preferred limbs—in the competition, Xu Gongzi's performance might not even match that of some formidable Year Two supervisors.

This was a good opportunity.

Wang Yongsan opened the points mall.

If the task failed, one century of life would be deducted; buying back a century of life cost one point per year.

One century equals sixty years, which is sixty points.

Wang Yongsan currently had forty-four years of life; if he bought sixteen more years as insurance, he would still have fourteen points left.

'Draw abilities.'

With fourteen points, he couldn't afford even a single point of physique or intelligence; his only choice was to draw an ability once more.

The wheel spun.

It stopped.

The pointer landed on an eye icon.

But this eye was a bit strange; within the pupil, there was also a heart shape drawn.

'Ding! Congratulations on obtaining the ability to read minds (one-day experience). Would you like to extract it immediately?'

The ability to read minds?

Wang Yongsan focused his gaze on the description of the mind-reading ability.

[Mind Reading: Through observing the overall behavior of the subject (speech, actions, demeanor, etc.) and logical analysis, one can infer what the subject is currently thinking. The more familiar you are with the subject, the easier it is to read their mind successfully.]

(Note: Mind reading requires logical ability as an auxiliary; otherwise, its effectiveness is halved.)

Wang Yongsan had drawn abilities six times in a row before, aside from controlling fire, activating meridians, and good fortune, there was also logical ability.

However, this logical ability was intended for use when helping Hua Shengnan find the gene restoration medicine in the future; he didn't want to use it just yet.

'Half is half, it should be enough.'

'Extract mind-reading ability.'

Swish,

A strange sensation filled Wang Yongsan's mind; he looked at Xu Gongzi in front of him, and a scene directly appeared in his mind.

Xu Gongzi was actually fantasizing about stripping himself naked, tying him to a pillar, and whipping him with every whip.

F*ck, that's disgusting.

Wang Yongsan couldn't bear the sight and quickly switched to another person nearby.

This time he looked at the beautiful host, Lin Jiachen.

The next moment, another scene appeared in his mind."


Chapter 222:
Lin Jiachun sat there, as if behind a school desk, furrowing her beautiful brows, pouting her cherry lips, muttering:

"Which family's young master is this guy? His moves are completely untraceable; he uses internal energy powerfully. Could it be that he's deliberately hiding his strength? It seems Xu Youyou is going to have bad luck."

Hearing the last part, Wang Yongsan realized that the person she was talking about was himself.

--- Hahaha, this is too enjoyable.

--- To be able to read minds to such an extent.

--- When I fight with Xu Young Master later, I'll know his every move in advance. How can I not be invincible?

Cat's Eye needs the opponent to attack before making a response. With Mind Reading, Wang Yongsan can know what his opponent is going to do before he even throws a punch.

"Hey, this is a Pulse-Opening Pill, and I'm even letting you use both hands. Don't you want to give it a try?" Xu Youyou looked at Wang Yongsan with fiery eyes.

Wang Yongsan glanced at him, thinking of the earlier eye-popping scene, and quickly turned his head away: "Alright, I agree to the bet. But after fighting for so long, I'm a bit hungry. Let me eat something first."

"Alright, I'll let you eat as much as you want. How about an hour?" Xu Young Master sneered, wishing he could grind Wang Yongsan into the ground in the next second.

"It won't take that long. Give the Pulse-Opening Pill to the beautiful sister first, and I'll be right back." After saying that, Wang Yongsan went to the surrounding tables on his own.

Without distinguishing between dried fruits, drinks, or desserts, he grabbed everything and stuffed it into his mouth.

His actions were quite 'unrestrained'.

At first, everyone thought that was just his eating manner; he was so hungry that he didn't care about etiquette.

But as Wang Yongsan ate more and more, someone began to feel something was off.

"He's already eaten twenty cakes."

"And seven bottles of fruit juice."

"He eats the hazelnuts without spitting out the shells."

"My god, is he even human or just a glutton?"

"Ah ah ah ah, can you please stop eating! I'm almost hungry watching this."

As Wang Yongsan ate more and more, everyone couldn't remain calm anymore.

Today, Wang Yongsan had given them too many surprises; they didn't expect that even eating could make people lose their minds. It seems geniuses are different from ordinary people in every aspect.








Twenty minutes later, Wang Yongsan finally felt full.

"Hahaha, the food here tastes good; it's delicious." Wang Yongsan patted his belly, expressing satisfaction with the food.

Below, everyone gave him a disdainful look.

They thought: Your uncle, you're the kind of guy who eats hazelnut shells. How can you taste anything good?

However, despite their disapproval, everyone saw Wang Yongsan eat and drink his fill, and they all started looking forward to the upcoming bet.

Xu Youyou couldn't wait any longer and urged, "Eat your fill first, then hurry up and go on stage. Everyone's been waiting for you for a long time."

Wang Yongsan lazily said, "I just ate; don't I need to digest? Anyway, everyone has been waiting for a while. Let them wait a little longer. Please bear with it."

After saying that, he sat down on the stool to rest.

```


Chapter 223:
Others were anxious in their hearts, but as Wang Yongsan had said earlier, after eating a meal, one must first digest it before engaging in any activity.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan had just eaten so much that his intestines were probably about to burst. He couldn't engage in intense exercise immediately either.

"Hmm?"

A sound of surprise came from the direction of several high-ranking officials from the Ludong Province Jianghu Supervision Department.

"Is something wrong, Brother Ye?" The host, Lingjiang Group's Zhang Duan Tianlang, asked Ye Qiong beside him.

The sound of confusion had come from Ye Qiong just now.

At this moment, Ye Qiong slightly furrowed his brows and reminded, "Didn't you notice? The bruises on his face are quickly fading away."

Ye Qiong's words were not whispered softly; many people around him, including several high-ranking officials, heard them.

Many people looked over out of curiosity and discovered that the bruises on Wang Yongsan's face were indeed rapidly disappearing. The other visible injuries on his body were also fading away at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"My goodness, what kind of martial arts is this?"

"Could it be that he can heal his wounds by eating food?"

"What kind of ghost is this guy? If it's a talent, then this talent is truly blessed by heaven."

When fighting with someone and being beaten to the brink of death, eating a little food would restore full health.

This talent was simply too unreasonable in terms of strength.

"No, it's not related to eating food."

Ye Qiong spoke again and analyzed, "I can sense that there is a large amount of energy within his body repairing his body. It's similar to how we can use internal strength to recover from injuries after reaching the fifth level of the Qi Meridian Realm."

Ye Qiong's words once again caused a commotion among the surrounding people.

The person closest to Ye Qiong, Duan Tianlang, asked, "Brother Ye means that he is actually in the Qi Meridian Realm, and we all misjudged him?"

Ye Qiong shook his head: "It shouldn't be. However, I guess he might know a martial art specifically designed to control internal strength for healing purposes."

Duan Tianlang and the others fell silent.

After Qin Shihuang's burning of books and burying of Confucian scholars, followed by the looting during the late Qing Dynasty and the subsequent atrocities committed by the Japanese invaders, good martial arts cultivation manuals from China had become extremely rare.

Although joining the Jianghu Supervision Department would result in the state issuing unified martial arts manuals and techniques, those were all conventional manuals and techniques. Almost all of them were offensive in nature; only a small portion was for defense or light work.

As Ye Qiong had said, martial arts manuals capable of controlling internal strength for healing purposes were not non-existent but were extremely rare. Ordinary people would never obtain them.

At this moment, in Ye Qiong and the others' minds, a question arose simultaneously. That was…

Who exactly is this young man in front of us?

"Hey, it's been half an hour already. Minister Ye and the others are still waiting. Can you hurry up and finish resting?"

"That's right, you are just a newcomer. How can you be so disrespectful to your elders and superiors?"

Some people couldn't wait any longer.

Wang Yongsan rolled his eyes inwardly, thinking that resting slowly was the best option. There was no such thing as hurrying up to rest.

However, leaving Ye Qiong and the others hanging made Wang Yongsan a little uneasy. He was afraid that if he offended these people, they would give him trouble in the future, making his life difficult.

"Alright, since the leaders are waiting, I'll reluctantly continue with this half-crippled body."

```
[Note: The original text appears to be incomplete at the end, so I have translated it up to that point.]
```


Chapter 224:
Wang Yongsan spoke pitifully, but Ye Qing, with his cultivation level, could see that he had already recovered significantly.

The medicinal pills were handed over to the beautiful host Lin Jiachun for safekeeping.

Wang Yongsan stepped onto the stage and stood opposite Xu Youyou.

Lin Jiachun glanced at Ye Qing and asked, "Minister Ye, what do you think?"

Ye Qing nodded and said, "It can begin."

Lin Jiachun received the leader's response and then loudly announced, "I declare that the gambling match between Xu Youyou and Wang Yongsan officially begins."

Before the last syllable of "begins" had faded away, Xu Youyou had already taken a swift step towards Wang Yongsan.

"I rely on it, not even a greeting? Such impoliteness!"

A chorus of jeers came from the audience below.

Just half an hour ago, this young man who criticized others for their lack of manners had just used a sneak attack to kick his opponent's testicles, and now even an idiot would not treat him with courtesy.

Xu Youyou was indeed a master at the third level of the Conduction Meridian.

Wang Yongsan had fought against such a master before, and at that time, with the ability to become invisible, he had almost been killed by his opponent, demonstrating the power of masters at this level.

Although Xu Youyou was not as strong as the Skull Killer, he was still far stronger than Wang Yongsan.

If he landed three kicks on him, even if Wang Yongsan's metabolic energy was at its peak, he might still lose miserably.

Unfortunately, Wang Yongsan could not land a single kick on him.

Wa~~
Wa~~
Wa~~

A series of exclamations erupted from the audience below.

In their eyes, every attack by Xu Youyou was so sharp that if it were them, they might not be able to block even one kick.

However, Wang Yongsan was somehow always able to dodge them just a bit earlier than Xu Youyou's attacks.

It felt as if Xu Youyou was intentionally letting him win.

"Ah!!! Damn it, I'm going to kill you!"

After several failed attacks, Xu Youyou completely lost his mind.

At the same time, Wang Yongsan secretly exclaimed, "Oh no!"

Xu Youyou had gone mad, and his actions were somewhat abnormal. With ordinary mind-reading abilities, he could not fully discern Xu Youyou's attack intentions.

Bang!

A kick landed, and Wang Yongsan was kicked seven or eight meters away, crashing into the pillar of the stage with a loud clang.

"Wa, he got hit!"

Someone cheered.

After watching for a long time, with neither of them landing a hit, the audience was almost bored to sleep.

At this moment, seeing Xu Youyou finally land a kick, even some people who didn't like him cheered excitedly.

"I'm going to kill you, I'm going to kill you..."

Xu Youyou chased after Wang Yongsan, launching a frenzied attack.

And Wang Yongsan, because the mind-reading technique had failed, was actually kicked twice in a row.

Seeing that his metabolic energy might not be able to repair his body fast enough, Wang Yongsan finally couldn't help but shout in his mind: "Extract logical ability."

A cool sensation surged into his mind.

When Wang Yongsan looked at Xu Youyou again, he could see through his attack intentions once more.

Just as Xu Youyou was about to kick him again, Wang Yongsan quickly turned his head and narrowly avoided a kick aimed at his head.

"Damn it, sometimes you really can't be stingy. If that kick had hit me just now, I would have been either dead or a vegetable." Wang Yongsan broke out in cold sweat.









Chapter 225:
After combining logical ability, the mind-reading skill can now perfectly see through the opponent's attack intentions 100% of the time.

Although Xu Youyou tried her best, she was unable to land a single attack on Wang Yongsan.

However, Wang Yongsan discovered that Xu Youyou's defense was also incredibly strong.

When he tried to attack her, because his punch speed wasn't fast enough, she was always able to detect his intentions. Although Wang Yongsan could use mind-reading to counteract her, changing tactics midway, the power of his attacks would decrease significantly.

In other words, if he had to rely on changing tactics midway for every attack, even if they fought until nightfall, he wouldn't be able to defeat her.

"Damn it, if we continue like this, I'm afraid it will be disadvantageous for me."

Wang Yongsan currently only had eight units of energy, while the aura reading showed that Xu Youyou had twenty-four units of internal strength.

With a threefold difference in quantity, even if Wang Yongsan saved his strength now, he would likely be the one to be exhausted first.

"It's all your fault for forcing me into this!"

Wang Yongsan didn't want to waste any more time.

Similarly, Xu Youyou had been waiting for Wang Yongsan to engage him directly.

When he changed his previous cunning demeanor and actively attacked her, she became excited.

"Kid, go to hell!"

If he had previously held the intention of torturing Wang Yongsan, now his mind was only focused on quickly killing this troublesome opponent.

He kicked out without holding back.

However, Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and insisted on kicking out as well, even at the cost of injury.

"Crack!"

"Snap!"

The two sounds occurred simultaneously.

Wang Yongsan was kicked in the chest, leaving a depression where his opponent's foot landed. The 'crack' sound was the sound of his bones breaking.

The other 'snap' sound, most people would have guessed correctly by now.

That's right.

At the same time Wang Yongsan was kicked and his sternum broke, Xu Youyou instead let out an even more tragic scream.

"Aaaaaah!"

It was truly heart-wrenching to hear, causing everyone below the stage to feel a cold wind pass through their legs, and they all quickly clenched their thighs. Looking at Wang Yongsan with fearful eyes.

What the hell, does this guy only know these dirty tricks?

A single match, with two people's testicles being kicked to pieces. This guy is a complete testicle destroyer!

What Wang Yongsan didn't know was that after this battle, the entire Lu Shan Province knew about a testicle destroyer among the new generation. He would kick people's testicles without hesitation, and his moves were extremely ruthless. Whenever he kicked, he would definitely kick their testicles to pieces.

This reputation added a lot of momentum to Wang Yongsan.

Even later, when Wang Yongsan went to the capital, even those in high positions were very cautious around him, fearing that they might accidentally have their testicles destroyed by the testicle destroyer.

"Director Ye?" Lin Jiachun looked helplessly at Ye Qing.

Ye Qing covered his forehead with a wry smile and slightly nodded, acknowledging the outcome.

Lin Jiachun then announced: "Since Xu Youyou has lost her combat ability, I declare that Wang Yongsan wins this match."

"Hahaha... cough, cough!"

Wang Yongsan laughed twice, but then his chest hurt and a mouthful of blood surged up from his throat.

Swish~


Chapter 226:
A figure flashed in front of Wang Yongsan, moving at a speed that was difficult for the naked eye to discern. The figure reached out and caught Wang Yongsan's falling body.

"Uh~Thank you, Minister Ye."

"Your lungs should have suffered severe damage. Don't speak for now."

Ye Qing's expression was grave as he reached into his pocket, pulled out a bottle of medicine, popped open the cap with his thumb, and took out a red pill. He then held it to Wang Yongsan's mouth.

"This is a healing pill that can slightly alleviate your injuries. Take it quickly."

"Thank you, Minister Ye."

Wang Yongsan didn't think that someone of Ye Qing's stature would harm him, so he swallowed the pill without hesitation.

It must be noted that although Wang Yongsan's injuries were severe, they were not as serious as Xu Youyou's. Yet Ye Qing didn't even glance at her, instead showing great concern for Wang Yongsan.

Many people even speculated that this young man might be Ye Qing's secret son.

To say nothing of it, Ye Qing was quite handsome and bore a slight resemblance to Wang Yongsan upon closer inspection.

After taking the healing pill, Wang Yongsan stopped coughing up blood.

The remaining metabolic energy accelerated the healing of his wounds, and Wang Yongsan stood up straight. He bowed to Ye Qing and said, "Thank you for the medicine, Minister Ye. Do I need to repay you?"

Ye Qing was taken aback for a moment before bursting into laughter. "Little Wang brother, you have quite the sense of humor. This is just a healing pill; it's not even considered a Xuan-grade item. How could I ask you to repay me?"

Hearing Ye Qing's address, everyone was shocked.

What kind of person is Minister Ye?

The first in the Lu Shan Province Jianghu Supervision Department, a top-notch expert at the Breakthrough Realm. Both his power and strength were beyond the reach of those present.

Yet he had just called Wang Yongsan "brother"?

It must be known that every word Ye Qing spoke, especially in public, was carefully chosen. Each word could potentially cause a series of consequences.

For example, just now he called Wang Yongsan "Little Wang brother," and those below would speculate about their relationship. Then many people would try to curry favor with him by also trying to get close to Wang Yongsan. If anything happened to Wang Yongsan, there would be people implicated as well.

In the entire Lu Shan Province Supervision Department, only a few people like Duan Tianlang could call him brother.

Wang Yongsan was indeed a genius, but he had just joined the department and everyone had yet to get to know each other. Ye Qing directly addressing him this way was indeed too hasty.

Everyone was stunned, but Wang Yongsan had no idea what was happening and instead climbed up the pole, casually smiling and saying, "Thank you then, Brother Ye."

"It's nothing much, don't mention it." Ye Qing also smiled gently.

Both of their expressions were natural, one calling the other "Little Wang brother" and the other changing to call him "Brother Ye."

With Ye Qing's experience, it was impossible for him to make mistakes continuously, so the result was self-evident.

He intentionally created a stir for Wang Yongsan.

"Little Wang brother, your strength has already surpassed this year's newcomers. It would be too much to continue gambling with others. Why don't we go upstairs and rest for a while? I can also help you treat your injuries." Ye Qing invited Wang Yongsan.

This was a real thigh to cling to, and Wang Yongsan was eager to curry favor with him, so he readily agreed.

"Then I'll trouble Brother Ye."


Chapter 227:
Ye Qing smiled, nodded to Duan Tianlang and the others, and said, "Let's go. It's better for them to play by themselves here. We are here, and they might not be able to relax."

The gambling stage had only been going on for a few rounds, and many people hadn't even stepped onto the stage yet.

After Ye Qing and Wang Yongsan and others left, the gambling matches resumed.

On the second floor was a luxurious room with a single-sided glass window overlooking the gambling stage below.

It was clear that Ye Qing and his group had been hiding upstairs watching the matches when they appeared at the gambling scene on time.








Ye Qing invited Wang Yongsan to sit down, and after the other group leaders had taken their seats as well, he introduced himself: "Little Wang brother, my name is Ye Qing. You already know that."

Then he pointed to the others and said, "This is Duan Tianlang, Liu Tu, Huang Zheng, Lian Weiyang. There are a few other group leaders who are out of town; I'll introduce them to you when they return."

Wang Yongsan scratched his head, feeling a bit lost.

He had originally intended to seek favor with these powerful figures, but upon sitting down, he realized that everyone around him exuded a strong presence, making him feel uneasy even just sitting there.

"Uh, Ye Ge (Big Brother Ye), everyone, how about I go down first?" Wang Yongsan began to lose his nerve.

Ye Qing, who was 38 years old and had seen many people, could tell from Wang Yongsan's demeanor that he was afraid.

"Little Wang brother, you really don't need to be nervous. Actually, Zhu Changxing is my father-in-law. You saved his life twice, and I owe you a debt that I'm trying to repay; there's no way I would harm you."

As soon as Ye Qing finished speaking, Liu Tu beside him shouted loudly, "I thought you called Little Wang brother up here to ask about his martial arts techniques, but it turns out you were showing off to us!"

Duan Tianlang also shook his head and said, "Ye Ge is too cautious. Even if we were interested in Little Wang brother's recovery technique, we would only ask for it through proper channels. I was actually thinking of reminding you to put this matter aside first."

The other two group leaders, Huang Zheng and Lian Weiyang, nodded in agreement.

They had initially thought that Ye Qing brought Wang Yongsan up here to inquire about his recovery technique in front of everyone, but they didn't expect the two to have such a connection.

"Brothers, don't look at Little Wang brother as being young; he has quite a few impressive feats under his belt." In order to elevate Wang Yongsan's status, Ye Qing recounted everything he had accomplished recently.

He single-handedly destroyed the Iron Hand Martial Arts School.

Defeated two Blood Skull killers on the Hongkou Bridge.

And fought against a lizard cyborg with a physique equivalent to the seventh level of the Breakthrough realm.

Especially the battle against the lizard cyborg, which shocked even Duan Tianlang and Liu Tu.

"So all these things were done by Little Wang brother? I thought they were done by some nameless martial arts family; even I, the Longtai group leader, had to keep it a secret." Liu Tu was most proud because Wang Yongsan was from Longtai, and he felt honored by association.


Chapter 228:
"Yes, I understand your request. Please provide the Chinese text you would like me to translate into English according to the rules you have outlined. I will ensure that the translation is accurate, fluent, and maintains the original meaning while adhering to all the specified guidelines."


Chapter 229:
```
Wang Yong San felt embarrassed to take them out and return them, so he could only express his gratitude: "Thank you, Brother Liu."

With Liu Tu leading the way, Huang Zheng and Lian Wuyang also felt uncomfortable sitting idly by. Both of them took out the same gift and gave it to Wang Yong San.

Each person received three Gathering Qi Pills, making a total of nine pills for the three individuals.

Adding to the five pills given by Duan Tianlang earlier, Wang Yong San now had fourteen Gathering Qi Pills in total.

Washing Marrow Pills enhance physical strength, while Gathering Qi Pills increase energy (inner strength).

Washing Marrow Pills can only be used during the first five layers, so giving more would be pointless. However, Gathering Qi Pills can directly elevate a person's energy to the peak level of their current realm.

However, consuming too many Gathering Qi Pills can lead to drug resistance, requiring more pills as one progresses.

"Thank you, thank you all, brothers!"

Wang Yong San's smile was so wide it seemed like his mouth would split.

This trip to Linjiang City had not only earned him a 'giant' reward mission but also these Washing Marrow Pills and Gathering Qi Pills, which would significantly boost his strength.

Moreover, there was also the invaluable Condensing Meridians Pill, which was equivalent to thirty Washing Marrow Pills.

"Alright, everyone has met each other now," Ye Qing stood up and his expression turned serious as he continued:

"I, Ye Qing, will say one more thing here. I hope all of you brothers will manage your subordinates well when you return. I can turn a blind eye to other matters, but if anyone dares to recklessly target Brother Wang again, I, Ye Qing, will not spare him!"

As he spoke, Ye Qing's imposing aura inadvertently leaked out.

Wang Yong San suddenly felt as if something was pressing down on his heart, and even his heartbeat seemed to have stopped.








Ye Qing's aura was unintentionally revealed, but even so, it still oppressed Wang Yong San to the point where he felt uncomfortable.

One could imagine how formidable a Breakthrough Realm expert truly was.

The lizard-like modified human had the physical strength of a Breakthrough Realm expert, but without martial techniques or inner strength, his actual strength was probably not even enough to tie Ye Qing's shoelaces.

"Don't worry, Brother Ye. If anything like this happens again, we won't need you to take action; we'll deal with him ourselves first!" Liu Tu was the first to agree.

The others also expressed their commitment to handling this matter seriously.

With Ye Qing backing him up, at least on the surface, no one would dare to offend Wang Yong San.

"By the way, Brother Wang, since Washing Marrow Pills and Gathering Qi Pills require a long time to refine, carrying so many Xuan Pills on you is still dangerous. Why don't I help accelerate your absorption using my inner strength? What do you think?" Ye Qing offered.

Washing Marrow Pills, once consumed, can be fully refined within three days.

Gathering Qi Pills, once consumed, require two days to refine one pill.

However, with the assistance of a Breakthrough Realm expert, it would take less than an hour to refine Washing Marrow Pills, and only half an hour for Gathering Qi Pills.

What Wang Yong San needed most now was to rapidly enhance his strength, so he naturally couldn't refuse this offer.

"Thank you very much, Brother Ye!"

Ye Qing nodded and asked Wang Yong San to take off his shirt and stand with his back facing him.

Then, he extended a hand and pressed it against Wang Yong San's back heart.

The external release of inner strength is an important characteristic of Breakthrough Realm experts. Each time a meridian is broken through, inner strength can be released from that point.
```


Chapter 230:
Almost everyone first breaks open the acupoints on their hands; only those practicing leg skills will break the ones on their feet first.

"Take the medicine."

Ye Qing gave an order, and Wang Yongsan immediately took out a Washing Marrow Pill and swallowed it.

Gudu~

The pill tasted good, and when it entered his stomach, the breath he exhaled carried a faint fragrance.

Wang Yongsan felt a burning sensation coming from his stomach and quickly spreading throughout his body.

"It feels so comfortable." Wang Yongsan felt warmth all over his body.

At this time, Ye Qing's right hand on Wang Yongsan's back began to release internal energy.

Then…

The external internal energy circled in Wang Yongsan's stomach and then retreated.

Ye Qing, with a puzzled expression, let go of his hand.

Liu Tu next to him came up and asked, "Ye Ge, what's wrong? Has the catalyzing process already finished?"

These people all knew how to catalyze Mystic Pills using internal energy. Depending on the strength of the internal energy, some people could indeed catalyze faster, but it still took at least half an hour to catalyze a Washing Marrow Pill.

But now,

It seemed like it wasn't even half a minute yet?

Ye Qing shook his head, suspecting that the Washing Marrow Pill Wang Yongsan had just eaten was fake.

But when he looked closely, with his cultivation level, it was easy for him to see that Wang Yongsan's realm had improved slightly.

"This… It seems like Brother Wang's physique is quite impressive."

Ye Qing didn't know how to explain it; he had never seen such a situation before, nor even heard of it.

A Mystic Pill eaten in the stomach, instantly refined and absorbed?

My goodness, this is a Mystic Pill.

Made from numerous rare medicinal materials and through multiple refining processes, each Mystic Pill contains immense nutrition and energy.

And it's just digested like that?

"Ye Ge, why are you all looking at me like this? Aren't we supposed to help catalyze the medicinal effects?"

Feeling everyone staring at him like he was a monster, Wang Yongsan felt a bit uneasy all over.

Although he had the ability to read minds, Wang Yongsan always felt that using it to know others' thoughts was an impolite behavior since they were all his brothers.

"Cough, Brother Wang, why don't you take another one and we'll see what happens?" Ye Qing coughed twice and said.

He still suspected that the Washing Marrow Pill just now was fake.

Perhaps Wang Yongsan had already reached the brink of breaking through, and that Washing Marrow Pill just happened to coincide with his breakthrough.

"Oh, okay then, I'll eat it now."

Wang Yongsan didn't know anything about it; since they asked him to eat, he would just do so.

Gulu~

Another Washing Marrow Pill went down his throat.

This time, everyone's eyes were fixed on Wang Yongsan's face because when martial artists advance, there will be subtle enhancements in their spirit and energy. Skilled practitioners can tell a person's cultivation level just by looking at their face.

"He advanced again."

"Now he's at the fourth level of Washing Marrow."

"This… It doesn't seem logical at all."

All the big shots from the Lu Shan Province martial arts regulatory department looked at each other, completely stunned by Wang Yongsan's performance.

The warmth in his body dissipated, and Wang Yongsan lazily opened his eyes.

Taking medicine really felt great.


Chapter 231:
"Brother Wang, why don't you... try eating the rest first?" Ye Qing swallowed non-existent saliva and asked dryly.

Just now, he said he would help catalyze the medicinal effects for others, but now, they are digesting faster than anyone else could catalyze.

It's embarrassing.

When Ye Qing said this, he felt a little embarrassed.

"Oh, then I'll eat them all."

Although Wang Yongsan felt the atmosphere was a bit strange, he didn't think too much about it.

Because he could feel that his physique had indeed improved, but now there was no mirror, and he couldn't use the technique of looking at Qi to see his physique grid.

Gurgle,

Gurgle...

This time, Wang Yongsan simply swallowed the medicine bottle by bottle. More than ten Washing Marrow Pills and Accumulating Qi Pills were swallowed by him in two mouthfuls.

"Wait..."

Before Ye Qing and the others could react, they saw Wang Yongsan's movements and were about to shout stop, but the two bottles of medicine had already been swallowed up.

I wipe it, these are Xuan medicines.

Ordinary people have to be careful one by one when eating, for fear that the energy is too strong and destroys their internal meridians.

But this guy in front of him actually ate more than a dozen at once.

Ye Qing and the others were almost stunned.

However, as time went on, their expressions of being stunned became more and more exaggerated, and they were so surprised that their mouths could not be closed.

Wang Yongsan's cultivation level stopped advancing after reaching the fifth layer of Washing Marrow, which was not unexpected. However, his internal strength (energy) was increasing rapidly.

From eight points, nine points, ten points, it rose to fifteen points in an instant, and it was still increasing.

Such a逆天的 drug-taking ability can only be described as unprecedented and unparalleled.

"Wow~it's really cool."

After Wang Yongsan absorbed it completely, he felt full of strength all over his body.

Ye Qing hurriedly walked up and put his hand on Wang Yongsan's wrist to test his pulse.

Steady,

Strong and powerful.

That is to say, Wang Yongsan didn't have a little bit of trouble, but really absorbed all the effects of these medicines completely.

"Brother Ye, what's wrong? When are we going to catalyze the medicinal effects?" Wang Yongsan asked in confusion.

Ye Qing smiled wryly and shook his head, "There is no need to catalyze."

"Ah?"

Wang Yongsan was stunned for a moment, and then said, "If you don't catalyze it, don't catalyze it. I'm not in a hurry anyway, and I can digest it slowly too."

Ye Qing covered his forehead and speechlessly said, "I'm not talking about this. I mean, you have already fully digested the medicinal effects and don't need to catalyze them anymore."

Yes, Ye Qing used the word digestion.

When ordinary people eat Xuan medicine, they have to calm their mind and use the internal strength within their body to assist in refining it.

But this guy in front of him doesn't need any operation at all, just like eating sugar beans and swallowing Xuan medicine. His stomach digests Xuan medicine by itself.

It's too amazing.








"It's broken." Wang Yongsan suddenly shouted loudly.

Ye Qing and the others thought that he swallowed the medicine too fast, and now there were side effects, so they all became nervous.

"What's wrong, Brother Wang, do you feel your body starting to heat up and have a feeling of wanting to explode?" Ye Qing asked nervously.

```


Chapter 232:
Wang Yongsan shook his head,  blushing slightly and said: “It's not like that.  I ate the medicine too quickly just now and forgot to leave two pills for my brother Liu Sansao.  My brothers,  does anyone have a Washing Marrow Pill? Can you sell me two? ”

Phew!

At the same time,  the crowd let out a sigh of relief.

If Wang Yongsan swallowed the medicine to death under their noses,  even if they were not punished due to their high status,  they would feel uneasy in their hearts.

"Don't worry,  I'll return it to Liu Sansao for you." Ye Qing said.

Wang Yongsan scratched his head: "This isn't too good,  or should I buy it with money?"

The people in the room all laughed.

Ye Qing said: "Brother Wang,  although the Washing Marrow Pill has a price,  no one is willing to sell it for money.  It's settled like this.  If you feel uneasy,  just send blessings to my father-in-law next month."

"Okay,  I'll think about it carefully and make sure to make Old Master Zhu happy."

After chatting for a while,  the gambling stage below was coming to an end.

Wang Yongsan said goodbye to the old brothers and left Tianchi Club,  directly taking a taxi to Longtai.

After eating so many medicines,  Wang Yongsan wanted to confirm his current strength first.

"Open the attribute panel."

Swipe,

A light curtain appeared in front of Wang Yongsan.

[Attribute Panel]

Host: Wang Yongsan (Three-dimensional Humanoid Life Form)

Basic Attributes:

Physique: 15 (The average physique of men in this world is 5-7)

Intelligence: 11 (The average intelligence of humans in this world is 5-7)

Lifespan: 0.73 Jiazi (approximately 44 years)

Abilities: 1. Physical Coordination (Permanent). 2. Glutton (Permanent). 3. Aura Vision (Permanent). 4. Shrinking Bone (Permanent). 5. Cat's Eye (Remaining 1 hour). 6. Luck (Remaining 1 hour). 7. Logic (Remaining 22 hours). 8. Mind Reading (Remaining 22 hours).

Looking at his current attributes,  Wang Yongsan felt extremely satisfied.

A physique of 15 points and an intelligence of 11 points were nothing to talk about.  Unexpectedly,  he already had four permanent abilities.

Although these abilities were more supportive in nature,  they were all useful.

Especially the Glutton ability.

It could increase defense,  self-healing,  and now it had another function to help refine profound medicines.

Except for the name Glutton,  this ability was simply a steal.

"Withdraw the attribute panel and open the points mall."

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but want to try a few more draws for abilities.

Previously,  because he had been with Ye Qing and the others all this time,  Wang Yongsan did not open the points mall.  However,  at that time,  the system prompt sounded in his mind,  this time it was a reward of 130 points for exceeding the task.

Including the 20 points left before to buy lifespan,  Wang Yongsan now had a total of 150 points.

One hundred and fifty points,  that was fifteen draws.

Even if his luck was really bad,  he could still draw one or two permanent abilities,  right?

——No,  no.  What if his luck was too bad and he drew some useless abilities?

——Why not use a hundred points to buy physique first and reach the Qi Meridian Realm?

——Leave fifty points as a reserve,  that should be enough.


Chapter 233:
Wang Yongsan thought this was the safest option.

However, as soon as he wanted to purchase physical strength, he looked at the price and almost cursed.

"Damn it, why did the price go up again?" Wang Yongsan felt like crying.

After his physical strength reached ten points, the price had already increased to twenty points per point of physical strength. Now it doubled again and became forty points for one point of physical strength.

This meant that it would cost one hundred and twenty points to buy three points of physical strength, which Wang Yongsan was reluctant to do.

"Forget it, I'll wait until a new task comes out later."

Wang Yongsan closed the points mall.

When he arrived at Longtai, Wang Yongsan called Luo Yusha.

"Hey, Sha Sha, where are you?"

"I'm getting food at the No. 7 canteen on campus. What about you? Have you returned?"

"Yes, I just entered the city and will be at school soon. Wait for me in the canteen after you get your food, okay?"

"How long will it take for you to arrive? Why don't we go eat at Officer Hua's place? I'm afraid she will get anxious waiting."

"No, no, no. Just wait for me at school. I'm coming right now."

Wang Yongsan made this call because he didn't want Luo Yusha to deliver food to Hua Shengnan.

Although he had delivered it once at noon, Lin Shuixi rarely returned to the rental house during lunchtime. They might not have met, but she would definitely go back at night.

If Luo Yusha and Lin Shuixi met at the rental house, asking questions would expose him, making explanations difficult.

When he arrived at school, Wang Yongsan quickly ran towards the No. 7 canteen.

"Hi, classmate Wang!"

A beautiful voice called out to him.

Wang Yongsan turned around and saw Lin Shuixi.

My goodness, the world is too small, or rather, the campus is too small.

There were only seven canteens in the school, so why did he happen to meet Lin Shuixi outside the No. 7 canteen?

Wang Yongsan didn't know that Lin Shuixi had seen Luo Yusha waiting in the canteen as if she were waiting for someone, so Lin Shuixi intentionally waited outside and was finally able to see the person she wanted to meet.

"It's classmate Lin, here for lunch?" Wang Yongsan scratched his head, feeling anxious but trying to appear relaxed on the outside.

"Yes, are you going to treat me?" Lin Shuixi smiled charmingly, causing the surrounding boys who passed by to almost lose their minds.

However, Wang Yongsan's next response ignited a raging fire in these boys' hearts.

Wang Yongsan apologized, "I'm sorry, I have something else to do. Let's do it another day."

What? This is the school beauty, inviting you to eat, and you have something else to do?

What could be more important than inviting the school beauty to eat?

Lin Shuixi didn't pursue it further and said with a chuckle, "It doesn't matter. I'm not hungry anyway. See you later."

Wang Yongsan wanted to say that they wouldn't meet again tonight because Hua Shengnan was staying there.

However, at that moment, another voice interjected.

"Hey, isn't this Wang Yongsan?"

Wang Yongsan turned his head and saw that it seemed to be a teacher from the school.

"Hello, Director Shi." Lin Shuixi was afraid Wang Yongsan didn't know the other party's identity and would embarrass himself, so she took the initiative to greet him first as a reminder to Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan really didn't know this person, so he also greeted politely, "Director Shi, nice to meet you."

"Hmph."


Chapter 234:
Mr. Shi, the director of history, looked coldly at Deng Yongsan and sneered, "Why do students like you still stay in school? Wasn't it already proposed to expel you? Or has the order not been issued to you yet?"

Expulsion?

Deng Yongsan was a little confused.

"Mr. Shi, are you mistaken? It seems that Yongsan didn't do anything wrong. Why should he be expelled?" Lin Shishu's eyebrows furrowed.

She felt that she couldn't compete with Luo Yusha, and her relationship with Deng Yongsan was maintained by their classmates and roommates. If Deng Yongsan were expelled, it would be difficult for her to find opportunities to interact with him in the future.








"Humph, nothing wrong? He has done a lot of wrong things."

Mr. Shi's face darkened, and he pointed at Deng Yongsan's face with his index finger, sternly saying, "This Deng Yongsan not only fought and brawled with society people, causing injuries, but he also hit an old man, used his connections to distort the truth, and falsely accused someone of being a scammer."

"Such a morally bankrupt person has been judged by our school's high-level management to be expelled from his student status and cut off all ties with him."

Wow...

Mr. Shi's words caused a commotion among the crowd.

Fighting and brawling could be tolerated, as everyone was a passionate youth, and sometimes when emotions surged, it was hard to control oneself.

However, this guy actually falsely accused an old man, which was too despicable.

"I've seen shameless people, but I haven't seen someone as shameless as this."

"Everyone will grow old one day, and bullying the elderly is the most despised act."

"That's not right. This is Deng Yongsan, I watched the video from that day, it was clearly a scam."

"Maybe not the one you saw, but there might have been other times?"

"Yeah, how can you doubt what Mr. Shi said?"

Those who had seen Deng Yongsan's video on that day were still a minority, and relatively speaking, people were more willing to believe Mr. Shi's words.

Seeing Mr. Shi's hypocritical face, Deng Yongsan suddenly laughed coldly.

The mind-reading ability had about 20 hours left on the trial period.

Deng Yongsan was a well-mannered young man; although he would be curious about what others were thinking, unless necessary, he didn't want to explore the secrets in other people's hearts.

However, today Mr. Shi actually falsely accused him, so he casually read his thoughts and unexpectedly discovered some dirty things.

"Mr. Shi, how does the stench of Mayor Wang's feet smell?" Deng Yongsan asked coldly.

Hearing this, Mr. Shi's heart skipped a beat.

However, he didn't show it on his face but instead shouted angrily, "Deng Yongsan, don't talk nonsense. You made your own mistakes, don't try to shift the blame onto others. The ignorant masses might be deceived by you, but our school's high-level management will not be fooled by you."

"Mr. Shi, things aren't as you understand them..."

Lin Shishu knew what had happened at that time, and seeing Mr. Shi determine Deng Yongsan's character as problematic, she quickly explained for him.

But Mr. Shi was already nervous in his heart and when he heard Lin Shishu defending Deng Yongsan, he immediately blamed her as well.


Chapter 235:
"I don't know about that, but are you sure you do? Lin Shishi, just because you have the reputation of being a campus beauty doesn't mean you can spread false rumors."

"The matter between you and Wang Yongsan is known to the higher-ups in our school. Although we don't oppose students dating, someone like you who openly declares her willingness to be a third party in a relationship should consider yourself lucky not to have been punished."

Director Shi spoke with an air of righteousness, exuding the appearance of a model educator.

The students gathered at the cafeteria entrance were captivated by his imposing demeanor, and they became even more convinced that Wang Yongsan was a scoundrel—not only bullying the elderly but also deceiving the campus beauty.

Wang Yongsan was truly a victim of circumstance.

It was Lin Shishi who had a secret crush on him, and he was the passive party. Yet, everyone felt sorry for the campus beauty, even interpreting Director Shi's words—which were meant to imply that Lin Shishi was shameless—in their own way.

Seeing the tremendous impact his words had, causing Wang Yongsan to be vilified by everyone, Director Shi was overjoyed.

At that moment, there was a commotion around them.

"Look, the main wife has arrived."

"There's going to be a good show now."

Wang Yongsan was about to mock Director Shi when he heard these words, so he followed the crowd's gaze in a certain direction.

"Sasha."

Wang Yongsan felt a headache coming on.

Why was he caught talking to Lin Shishi just because of this?

It was all because of that Shi guy. If it weren't for him causing such a commotion, Luo Yusha wouldn't have come to watch the fun, and she wouldn't have discovered him either.

Luo Yusha had already heard many things that were said earlier.

She tried to maintain her composure and quietly approached Wang Yongsan, asking, "What's going on? Did you get into trouble with the school?"

Wang Yongsan shrugged, looking helpless.

Director Shi was now full of enthusiasm and aimed to criticize anyone he saw, so when Luo Yusha arrived, he didn't let her off either.

With a sarcastic tone, he said, "Oh, isn't this Luo classmate? You may be an organizing committee member of the student union, but remember, while capability is secondary, moral integrity comes first. Yet, look at you—you don't even greet your teachers; do you have any respect for them?"

Luo Yusha was already seething with anger, and upon hearing this, she turned her head indignantly and retorted, "Are you a teacher?"

"What did you say?" Director Shi widened his eyes, attempting to intimidate her with his imposing presence.

However, Luo Yusha just laughed coldly: "Hehe, I'm speaking human language; do you not understand?"

The crowd around them was filled with disbelief.

A student dared to defy this political education director? And this student was even a member of the student union.

Was this Luo classmate not planning to continue attending school?

Luo Yusha was no ordinary girl; she was the type of person who would stand in front of Wang Yongsan and help him confront gangsters demanding protection money—a girl full of courage.

Wang Yongsan's situation was unknown to others, but she knew about it.

Given how this Shi guy spoke so confidently, whether out of ignorance or malicious slander, Luo Yusha believed that he was not a good person.


Chapter 236:
"Alright, alright, alright. Is it Luo Yushao? You wait and see, I'll have your position in the student council revoked. And you will write a self-criticism. When you stand on the stage at the next school meeting to read your self-criticism, I hope you can maintain this air of arrogance."

After saying that, Mr. Shi turned around and was about to leave.

As a teacher, arguing with students is not something he should do, whether he wins or loses.

Seeing Mr. Shi turn around to leave, Luo Yushao quickly took a few steps forward and shouted at the classmates blocking Mr. Shi's path: "Everyone on this side, move quickly and don't block the way."

Everyone thought that Luo Yushao was regretting now and was helping Mr. Shi clear the path as a gesture of goodwill.

Mr. Shi also thought so. He sneered and turned back to Luo Yushao, saying: "Luo Yushao now knows she's afraid?"

Luo Yushao widened her eyes and asked: "What am I afraid of?"

"…"

Mr. Shi was puzzled: "Then why are you so diligently helping me clear the path?"

Luo Yushao snorted: "I'm not helping you clear the path. I'm worried that these classmates on this side will get too close to you, and if the heavens were to send down lightning, they might be mistakenly injured."

"…"

There was a moment of silence on the scene.

It wasn't until after a long time that someone reacted.

"What Luo Yushao means is that the heavens will send lightning to strike Mr. Shi, right?"

Suddenly…

The scene boiled over immediately.

Mr. Shi understood the meaning and was even more furious.

He pointed at Luo Yushao with trembling fingers, then at Lin Shuici, and complained: "Alright, alright, alright. You can be arrogant now. We'll see how long you can be smug for. I won't let you off easily."








Facing Mr. Shi's bluster, Luo Yushao looked disdainful.

She turned around and glared at Wang Yongsan before asking Lin Shuici: "Aren't you quite capable? Why did you get mocked and didn't even retort a single word?"

Wang Yongsan also turned around and said: "I'm sorry, Lin Shuici. It turns out that it was Wang Hao's father, Vice Mayor Wang, who had spoken to our school about expelling me. You were implicated because of me. I'm really sorry."

"It doesn't matter. I believe in you."

Lin Shuici first gave Wang Yongsan a faint smile.

Then she turned to Luo Yushao and replied: "I didn't retort because I grew up in the countryside."

Luo Yushao furrowed her brows. She felt that Lin Shuici's words seemed to be showing self-deprecation.

Although Luo Yushao considered Lin Shuici her primary rival in love, her kindness made her unwilling to see her classmates feel inferior because of their background.

"Lin Shuici, there are not many people who look down on countryside people now. Only some snobs would use countryside people as a topic of ridicule. You don't need to do this."

Luo Yushao's words resonated with the people around her.

Indeed, although there were still some people who would look down on others because they came from the countryside, it was only a minority.

Most people would make friends based on whether they were compatible with each other, or if the other person was pleasing to the eye.

"Lin Shuici, I am also a countryside person. We don't need to lower our heads and speak softly."

"That's right, what's wrong with being a countryside person? We don't eat anyone else's or take anything from anyone else."

</div>


Chapter 237:
"Go back three generations, and ninety percent of people's ancestors were farmers."

"I just like the simplicity of rural people. If there's something, they come to help when you ask for it. It's so impressive."

"There's nothing shameful about being a villager."

Wang Yongsan chuckled.

Luoyuisha saw this, gave him a fierce glance, and then, not feeling satisfied enough, lifted her foot and stomped hard on his foot.

"Ouch, it hurts!"

Wang Yongsan pretended to be in pain. In reality, with his current physique of fifteen points, he couldn't feel any pain at all.

"Hmph, let's see if you dare to laugh at rural people again!" Luoyuisha said, feeling vindicated.

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

He laughed because he thought Lin Sicai felt inferior and wanted to peer into her heart to comfort her.

But after looking, Wang Yongsan found that Lin Sicai saying she was a villager wasn't because of inferiority but rather...

"Classmate Luo, and everyone else, thank you for supporting those of us who are from rural backgrounds. But when I say I grew up in the countryside, it's not because of inferiority complex." Lin Sicai saw that everyone had misunderstood and spoke up.

"Then what do you mean?" Luoyuisha asked.

The surrounding classmates were curious as well and quietly waited for her answer.

Even Teacher Shi, who had already walked quite a distance away and stopped upon hearing Lin Sicai say she was from the countryside, now stood there with wide eyes like other onlookers, waiting for Lin Sicai's explanation.

Lin Sicai smiled slightly, revealing a row of neat white teeth, and then slowly explained:

"Many classmates here grew up in rural areas too. You should know that when we were kids, many families had big dogs, and most didn't keep them on a leash. Whenever you stepped out, there would be barking everywhere, with a whole pack of dogs following behind you and barking loudly."

Some classmates thought about it and couldn't help but nod.

When they were young, many of them had been chased by dogs before, so rural kids knew that if a dog came after you and barked at you, you just had to squat down. The dogs would think you were going to pick up a stone to throw at them and run away with their tails between their legs.

But what did this have to do with not daring to refute Teacher Shi?

Lin Sicai took a breath and continued: "When I was young, I laughed at this. When dogs chased me and barked at me, I squatted down to scare them away, but later I found that every time I squatted down, they would run away, and when I stood up, they would chase after me again. They wouldn't stop barking no matter what I did."

"Later, when I grew up a bit, I realized that these dogs bark but don't bite."

"When you squat down, they run away; when you stand up, they chase after you."

"But if you ignore them and do your own thing, making them feel that barking at you is boring, then the next time they see you, they won't bark randomly anymore."

Lin Sicai finished speaking.

The surrounding classmates were stunned.

What the heck? Was Lin classmate saying all this to imply that Teacher Shi is a dog?

Because she grew up in the countryside and saw many dogs barking randomly, so she chose to ignore Teacher Shi, this dog?

The school beauty classmate looked so quiet and had such a warm smile. Who would have thought that when she cursed, it was so profound?

Clap clap...


Chapter 238:
In the quiet cafeteria, a lonely round of applause suddenly rang out.

"Well said."

Wang Yongsan clapped his hands and shouted, "Some people seem dignified on the surface, but in front of some powerful individuals, they are even more obsequious than dogs."

At this moment, Director Shi finally realized that he had been implicitly insulted.

He couldn't help but feel a surge of blood rushing to his chest, and he almost spat out a mouthful of old blood. He dared not linger any longer and took off running, fearing that he would be angered to death.

His hasty departure only served to reinforce the impression that he was guilty.

The students, who had initially listened to Wang Yongsan and Lin Shishi's explanations without fully believing them, were now mostly convinced. They began to applaud Lin Shishi's cleverness.

Only Luo Yusha was unhappy.

She had initially felt sorry for Lin Shishi and wanted to comfort her, but she didn't expect that in the blink of an eye, Lin Shishi would steal the limelight.

"Come on, let's go. Are you still going to deliver the food?"

Luo Yusha pulled Wang Yongsan towards the school gates.

Lin Shishi didn't know that they were going to their rental house. She had been waiting outside for Wang Yongsan and hadn't finished eating yet, so if she had followed them out, she would have discovered Hua Shengnan's secret.

Similarly, if she had followed them back, Luo Yusha would have discovered that Lin Shishi and Wang Yongsan were living together.

In the end, this incident was conveniently avoided.

Upon arriving at their rental house:

Wang Yongsan opened the door with trepidation, fearing that Lin Shishi would follow them back.

He had originally planned to deliver the food himself, but Luo Yusha was afraid that he would turn around and look for Lin Shishi again, so she insisted on coming along. Wang Yongsan had no choice but to comply.

"Meow, you're back!"

As soon as the door opened, Hua Shengnan ran out.

Wang Yongsan frowned and asked, "Why were you waiting outside? What if someone else had come back instead of me?"

Hua Shengnan nonchalantly replied, "I've already smelled your scent, meow."

Alright, you're a cat; you're impressive.

Wang Yongsan looked at Hua Shengnan, who seemed to have sharper ears than before.

Not only her ears but also the area around her eyes had started to turn slightly coffee-colored.

This was a characteristic of the ragdoll cat breed, and although it made her look beautiful with an enchanting aura, this area was too noticeable. If the color really changed completely, even if she wore a mask and sunglasses, it would be impossible to conceal it entirely.

PS: On the internet now, many people like to bark and howl randomly like mad dogs. The more you respond to them, the more excited they get. Ma Jia doesn't want to pay attention to them and only considers them as dogs in her heart. I hope all book friends can maintain a good state of mind. When they encounter such garbage spammers, don't argue with them or curse at them. Just silently say to yourself: They are just dogs; people don't have time to deal with dogs, right?








The fish that Luo Yusha bought for Hua Shengnan happened to suit her current taste.

Hua Shengnan ate happily and, after finishing her meal, she stretched out her little tongue to lick the chopsticks.

Wang Yongsan was somewhat speechless, but he understood that this was also a cat's habit. Cats like to lick their paws, and since Hua Shengnan now had ragdoll cat genes, she also developed some cat habits. However, since she didn't have claws, she licked the chopsticks instead.

"Are you full?"

"Meow."


Chapter 239:
"Alright, let's go then."

"Remember to eat fish again tomorrow, okay?"

Wang Yongsan agreed and quickly left with Luo Yusha.

He actually wanted to spend more time with Hua Shengnan, as she had been alone in her room all day and anyone would feel a bit bored.

However, Lin Sisi might come back at any time, and Wang Yongsan was afraid that Luo Yusha would run into her, making it difficult to explain. So he could only take her away first.

On the way,

Luo Yusha asked, "What's wrong with Officer Hua? I feel like she's cosplaying as a cat."

Luo Yusha didn't know the full story from last time.

Since Luo Yusha had already seen Hua Shengnan, Wang Yongsan didn't plan to hide it from her anymore and told her about Hua Shengnan and the genetically modified humans.

After listening, Luo Yusha said with some annoyance, "You owe her such a big favor. How are you going to repay it?"

Wang Yongsan spread his hands, looking helpless as well: "I don't know. For now, I can only help her find the gene restoration serum first. If I can restore her human form, I'll feel more at ease in my heart."

The more Hua Shengnan changed, the more guilt Wang Yongsan felt in his heart.

He was eager to find the gene restoration serum, but he didn't dare to ask others about it, fearing that he would be suspected and eventually implicate Hua Shengnan's discovery.

"The most urgent task now is to improve my strength. Otherwise, even if I encounter the Blood Skulls, it would be asking for trouble if I can't fight them."

Wang Yongsan set a goal secretly.

During his trip to Linjiang, his strength had improved significantly.

But it was just Zhang Yang; it wasn't enough to challenge the Blood Skulls.

Ye Qing had said that the Blood Skulls were the largest dark organization in the world. Although Linjiang might not be their headquarters, no one dared to guarantee that they wouldn't send powerful fighters over.

Just like the last assassination of Zhu Changan, they sent a high-level fighter from the Pulse Sea Realm.

If Wang Yongsan wanted to look for trouble with them, it would be best if he reached the Pulse Sea Realm first. Otherwise, even if he drew a superpower, what if the battle was too intense and his spiritual power wasn't enough to use? That would be terrible.

The two returned to school.

Wang Yongsan sent Luo Yusha back to her dormitory and then secretly went to a hotel outside to open a room.

Entering the room, Wang Yongsan rushed straight for the computer.

Turn on the computer,

Log in to the Jianghu Supervision Department website.

Wang Yongsan took out his dynamic security key and entered the password displayed on it.

"Welcome to the Jianghu Supervision Department official website."

"Respected Mr. Wang Yongsan, this is your first time entering our official website. To ensure the rights and interests of you and others are not infringed upon, please make sure there are no unrelated personnel from the supervision department around you."

"If not, please select 'confirm' to continue."

There were two options on the website.

Confirm, and exit.

Jianghu people are in a concealed state towards society. Even if they walk among the society, they usually don't easily reveal themselves, or else they will be severely punished.

Wang Yongsan clicked on 'confirm'.

The screen changed, and the official website was officially opened.

It was just like a regular website; inside the Jianghu Supervision website, there were various index categories.

Among them, the most prominent position was Jianghu News, Celebrity Dynamics, and Cultivation Technique Videos.

""


Chapter 240:
At first glance, Wang Yongsan saw a post about himself in the Jianghu News.

"Annual Strongest Newcomer King, Battle Against Pulse Masters in a Betting Ring, Crushing Their Eggs and Winning"

Upon opening it, he confirmed that it was indeed about him. However, the content had clearly been embellished, and many of his introductions were covered with the word "newcomer" for a simple protective measure.

There were many posts, and Wang Yongsan casually browsed through some of them, learning a lot.

Especially, there were even posts about Bloody Skull and modified humans.

- Suddenly dozens of modified humans appeared in Jiangbei City.
- Seven teachers from Huzhou Middle School were members of Bloody Skull.
- The police in Longtai City cracked down on a Bloody Skull modified human experiment, arresting one of the main leaders.
- Please note that supervisors in each region should cooperate with local public security to strengthen the arrest of modified humans to avoid causing social panic.

There was a lot of content, but it wasn't very detailed. Wang Yongsan guessed that it was related to his low status in the Supervision Department; if it were Ye Qing and others, they should be able to obtain more information.

"Whew..."

Exhaling, Wang Yongsan closed all the posts. Then it was time to learn the martial arts.

As a junior supervisor, the martial arts that could be learned were only a small part of them. The cultivation methods were unified, while the martial skills were all simple ones.

Martial skills are divided into five levels, with higher levels being more difficult and powerful when mastered.

"Junior supervisors can only learn one three-star martial skill, which is the Seven Kill Fist."

"Although the Seven Kill Fist is only three stars, its power can rival a five-star fist technique. However, because of its characteristic of hurting the enemy by sacrificing oneself (hurting the enemy by also hurting oneself), it was rated as three stars."

"I have the gluttonous talent, which can quickly heal injuries, so I'm not afraid of getting hurt. What I fear is insufficient power."

To maximize his strength improvement as quickly as possible, Wang Yongsan needed shortcuts. Moreover, compared to other martial skills, the Seven Injuries Fist was relatively easier to practice.

The rest of his time, besides delivering meals to Hua Shengnan and occasionally chatting with Luo Yusha and taking walks together, Wang Yongsan spent it day and night in his hotel room practicing the Seven Injuries Fist.

Even the school's expulsion of him, Wang Yongsan didn't have time to care about.

Perhaps due to his body coordination, Wang Yongsan found practicing the Seven Injuries Fist not too difficult. It only took him seven days to practice it to a small level. A full-powered punch weighed 5,000 jin (pounds), ten times that of a regular boxing champion.

"It's Mr. Zhu's birthday tomorrow, so I'll rest today and choose a gift for him. Also, I need to buy some fish flakes for Hua Shengnan; tomorrow lunchtime, I won't let Luo Yusha deliver her meals anymore." The last time Luo Yusha delivered food, Wang Yongsan had been worried the entire time.

This time, he planned to prepare more snacks for Hua Shengnan so she wouldn't get hungry if something happened.

Before leaving the house, Wang Yongsan called Ye Qing and asked him what Mr. Zhu liked.


Chapter 241:
"You say my father-in-law, he has two hobbies, one is playing chess, the other is writing calligraphy with a brush. He is very interested in some famous paintings and calligraphy, of course, he may not accept those that are too expensive."

"Okay, I know, thank you, Brother Ye."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan was about to go out to see where he could buy paintings and calligraphy, when suddenly a long-lost 'ding' sounded in his mind.








In the past week, Wang Yongsan had been running between the hotel, the rental house, and the school cafeteria. Except for looking for Luo Yusha at school, he hardly met anyone else.

So, he had not triggered any tasks either.

Unexpectedly, just by making a call to Ye Qing, he triggered a new task.

"New task is being generated."

"Current task: Intercept."

"Task introduction: It is normal for businessmen to pursue profits, but it is despised by everyone to make money through dishonest means and deception. Please host to go to Chenlu Road Antique Street at 10:05 am, Dayang Antique Shop, to buy a chess set for more than 200,000 yuan."

"Task requirements: The seller must be willing to sell the chess set voluntarily."

"Task completion, reward 20 points of death points, failure deducts one lifetime."

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but laugh when he saw it.

Ye Qing had just said that Zhu Lao liked to play chess, and unexpectedly triggered a task related to chess because of one sentence.

A chess set for 200,000 yuan seems a bit expensive, but since it appeared on Antique Street, it must not be an ordinary item. It is just right to use it as a gift.

"It's 9:20 now, and it's just right to go to Chenlu Road."

Wang Yongsan put on his clothes, went downstairs to take a taxi, and rushed straight to Antique Street.

When he arrived, there were many shops here, but it seemed quite deserted.

In fact, their transactions are "three years without business, one business for three years". Some stores only sell one thing a year and can make a fortune.

"Hey, young man, are you here to buy antiques? I have just dug up some treasures from below. Would you like to take a look?" A sneaky guy approached and whispered to Wang Yongsan.

By saying "from below", he meant digging up graves.

Generally speaking, although antiques with such origins have a bad reputation, most of them are genuine and reliable.

However, you must make sure that they really dug it out from the ground.

Wang Yongsan was a little tempted, but since it was almost 10 o'clock and he had to find Dayang Antique Shop before the task time was up, he could only refuse.

"I'm sorry, I have something to do now. Let's talk about it next time."

"No problem, this is my business card. Next time you come here, just look for me directly. I guarantee there will always be good things." The little thief gave Wang Yongsan a business card.

Wang Yongsan believed him at first and put the business card carefully in his wallet.

But after walking a little further inside, someone approached him quietly like just now and said the same thing.

At this time, Wang Yongsan became suspicious.

How could there be so many graves for people to dig? Could these people be scammers?


Chapter 242:
```
Wang Yongsan took the business cards without changing his expression and continued to walk inside. As he walked, he received a total of twelve business cards, with each person claiming that their items were dug up from the ground.

At this point, Wang Yongsan realized that everyone here was a fraudster.

Ahead was the Dao Yang Antique Shop. Wang Yongsan threw all the business cards he had received into the trash can outside before pushing open the door and entering.

"Welcome, welcome! May I ask if you are here to purchase antiques?" As soon as he entered, a particularly enthusiastic employee greeted him.

Inside the shop, there were two elderly men of advanced age.

One was in his sixties, dressed in a simple long robe, wearing small round glasses, and sporting a goatee. He looked somewhat cunning.

The other was an elderly man with white hair, dressed in simple attire.

Wang Yongsan nodded affirmatively.

The employee immediately asked, "May I know what type of antiques you are interested in? Our shop specializes in stationery items, such as various calligraphy and painting works of famous artists, exquisite ink washers, rare wolf-hair brushes, and other types of antiques that we have collected."

Wang Yongsan was observing the two elderly men on the side.

On a table between the two elderly men, there was a set of white jade chess pieces. Although it appeared somewhat old and had many damages, each piece seemed to exude an air of antiquity.

Even Wang Yongsan, who knew nothing about antiques, thought it was a good set of chess.

"Well…this set of chess is indeed excellent, but…"

Just as Wang Yongsan looked over, the goateed shopkeeper suddenly frowned and hesitated.

The elderly man opposite him, the owner of the chess set, became nervous and asked, "Mr. Sun, what is it? Please tell me."

Shopkeeper Sun shook his head repeatedly and said with regret, "The main issue is that it's too severely damaged. You know, the value of antiques depends not only on their rarity but also on their completeness. Your chess set has at least half of its pieces with slight damage, and even one piece is broken and glued back together. Such significant damage…"

"Then…how much do you think it can sell for?"

Shopkeeper Sun stretched out two fingers.

"Two hundred thousand?" The elderly man sighed in relief.

Although two hundred thousand was slightly lower than his ideal price, it wasn't much different. At least the hospital fees for his wife would be covered.

"Hahahaha, Lao Li, you misunderstood. Your broken thing isn't worth two hundred thousand." Shopkeeper Sun suddenly burst into laughter.

After taking a sip of his tea, he put down his teacup and continued with a serious face, "I said two thousand. That's because I feel sorry for you and your difficulties, so I'm giving you this price. If it were someone else, five hundred would be reasonable."

"Two thousand? That's too little."

Lao Li couldn't accept this price.

He had taken out this family heirloom chess set to sell in order to treat his wife's illness. If he only sold the set for two thousand, it wouldn't help much.

"Why don't you take the chess set to other shops first? If, in the end, you find our shop more suitable, you can come back to me. What do you think?" Shopkeeper Sun said with a smile.
```


Chapter 243:
They all live on this street and have secretly joined forces to make money together. Others would never raise prices to sabotage them. At most, the owner of Ding Yang would give some benefits to other participants after making money.

Otherwise, if prices were raised randomly, no one in the antique business would make any money.

Wang Yongsan watched quietly without speaking. Although he didn't understand the rules of the antique business, he knew that fewer competitors meant fewer surprises. Now that the person and the chess set were in someone else's shop, what if he offered 200,000 yuan and the other party raised the price? It would be better to wait until they left the shop before following them secretly.

"Alright then, I'll go and take a look at other places." Lao Litu put away the chess set and prepared to leave.

Seeing his target leaving, Wang Yongsan became impatient as the shop assistant continued to introduce their "exquisite" items.

"Enough! Enough! You don't have what I want."

The assistant retorted, "Who said that? Ding Yang is the most powerful antique shop on this street. What do you want? I dare say we have it!"

"I want credibility, do you have that?" Wang Yongsan left this sentence behind and turned to follow Lao Litu out the door.








An item worth at least 200,000 yuan was sold for only 2,000 yuan. Just looking at the shop owner, Wang Yongsan realized that this antique street was a black market filled with deceitful tricks.

He walked out the door, and Lao Litu was almost at another antique shop's entrance. Wang Yongsan quickly ran up to him and called out, "Grandpa, wait a moment!"

Lao Litu heard someone calling him and paused for a moment. He stood there waiting as Wang Yongsan ran up to him before asking, "Young man, are you calling me?"

Wang Yongsan nodded and smiled, "Yes, Grandpa. My name is Wang Yongsan, I'm a student from Longtai University. I saw your chess set and thought it would be great if you could sell it to me."

"Sell it to you?"

Lao Litu hesitated for a moment. He thought, "A student like him can't have much money. This chess set is what I need to save my wife's life; it can't be sold cheaply."

"This is a family heirloom. My father said it was valuable when he was alive, and I won't sell it cheaply." Lao Litu said weakly.

He was a typical honest person, bordering on weak.

Seeing Lao Litu reminded Wang Yongsan of his past self. He didn't want to beat around the bush and directly told Lao Litu, "Grandpa, I know this is valuable. Those antique shops are all scams; you can't even buy one character for 2,000 yuan. I offer 200,000 yuan; can you sell it to me?"

"200,000 yuan?"

Lao Litu's eyes widened in shock, and his hands holding the chess set trembled slightly. With 200,000 yuan, he could not only save his wife's life but also pay for his daughter's three years of university tuition.

Thinking about how his daughter always talked about other people's phones and the longing in her eyes, Lao Litu felt a pang of guilt. If he had 200,000 yuan, he could buy a new phone for his daughter.

"Yes! Yes! I'll sell it, I'll sell it!"

Lao Litu was thrilled.


Chapter 244:
```
Wang Yongsan grinned, not expecting this mission to be so simple—he hadn't done much at all and it was almost complete.

He pulled out his phone and said to Old Li, "Sir, do you have a bank card number? Give me your account number and I'll transfer the money to you."

"Transfer?"

The old man was taken aback for a moment: "I don't have a bank card, only a passbook. Can I transfer money with that?"

Wang Yongsan wasn't sure either.

In modern society, everyone uses cards and mobile phones to pay; passbooks are old-fashioned items that nobody uses anymore.

Wang Yongsan was about to say they should go to the bank to withdraw cash if it couldn't be transferred, and complete the transaction with one hand paying and the other receiving. Suddenly, a "Little Thief" who had given him his business card earlier popped up.

"Hey, what are you doing?"

His attitude was rather domineering.

Wang Yongsan glanced at him, feeling no goodwill towards these scammers. He was also quite straightforward in his response: "None of your business, get lost!"

This Little Thief was actually an informant from the nearby shops. He was responsible for luring customers and keeping an eye out for any "outsiders" conducting transactions on the street. If anyone was found to be transacting privately, they would do everything in their power to disrupt the transaction.

Unfortunately for them, this time they had encountered Wang Yongsan.

"Hey, you dare tell me to get lost? It seems like you're looking for trouble!" The Little Thief clenched his fists and moved forward. Other Little Thieves nearby, having noticed the commotion, gathered around as well.

They were originally planning to cause trouble, and they had even thought of an excuse to start a fight. Unexpectedly, Wang Yongsan's attitude was so terrible that it gave them a reason to act.

"Hmph, I don't look for trouble, but I'm not afraid of it either. You know what you're up to, so either get lost or don't blame me for being impolite." Wang Yongsan was even more aggressive than the Little Thieves.

The Little Thief hesitated, thinking he had encountered a hot-headed youngster.

In front of him, Wang Yongsan looked fierce, but in every other aspect, he appeared to be a college student. Logically speaking, he should not be their match at all.

However, the fear lies in the fact that hot-headed individuals fight without regard for their lives. If they accidentally go berserk and hurt themselves, it wouldn't be worth it.

At this moment, the owner of Dayang Antique Shop rushed out upon hearing the news.

He had already heard about what was happening outside and, upon approaching Wang Yongsan, he said with a smiling face, "Young man, can we talk in private?"

Wang Yongsan wanted to see what tricks this guy could pull off.

Unexpectedly, when the two of them were alone, instead of trying to scam him, the owner directly extended a palm and said, "Young friend, it's not easy to make a living outside. How about this: I'll give you 500 yuan, and today you let me have that item. How about it?"

Five hundred yuan?

That's an amount to give beggars.

An item worth at least 200,000 yuan, and this owner actually had the audacity to offer 500 yuan.

Wang Yongsan sneered and said, "Get lost if you're not going to offer at least ten times that amount."

The owner was taken aback and restrained his anger as he said, "Alright, it seems like you're quite knowledgeable. That item is actually a broken Qing Dynasty chess piece, which could at most be sold for 10,000 yuan. I'll pay 2,000 to acquire it; after deducting the cost of the shop and workers' wages, I can make a maximum profit of 4,000 yuan. How about we split it in half?"

Five hundred?

That's an amount to give beggars.

An item worth at least 200,000 yuan, and this owner actually had the audacity to offer 500 yuan.

Wang Yongsan sneered and said, "Get lost if you're not going to offer at least ten times that amount."
```


Chapter 245:
After he finished speaking, Wang Yongsan turned around and was about to leave.

If we multiply it by ten, that would be twenty thousand yuan.

Although giving away two thousand yuan is somewhat regrettable, if Little Thief were to start fighting, the money needed to bail him out later would probably be similar. If by any chance this young man has some influential background, it wouldn't end with just two thousand yuan.

The shopkeeper had good taste, at least he could recognize that all of Wang Yongsan's clothes were high-end brands.

So after gritting his teeth, he chose to compromise.

"Alright, let's make a deal."

"Make a deal about what?" Wang Yongsan stopped and asked while turning around.

The shopkeeper gritted his teeth and said, "As long as I can eventually take this set of chess, I will give you ten times the profit."

Even after accounting for dividends to other parties and various expenses, the shopkeeper would still make at least ten thousand yuan. However, even if he made more money, giving away two thousand yuan still hurt him.

But after he finally made up his mind, Wang Yongsan changed his mind.

"I'm sorry, the ten times profit was the price before I turned around. Starting from the moment I turned around, it has become the past. The current price is one hundred times profit." Wang Yongsan said with a cold laugh.

The shopkeeper was stunned and asked, "Are you playing tricks on me?"

"Hahaha, you've finally realized it?"

Wang Yongsan burst into laughter and said, "An item worth two hundred thousand yuan, you offer only two thousand yuan to the original owner and expect me to sell my conscience for five hundred yuan. Since you started playing tricks first, don't blame me for returning the favor in kind."

"Hit him!" The shopkeeper was so angry that his lips were trembling.

With a wave of his hand, several Little Thieves who had gathered around immediately attacked Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan was waiting for this moment.

As a newly hired regulator in the Jianghu, he had just learned a few days ago that if society members don't initiate violence against him, he cannot randomly attack them either.

Moreover, even if he does fight back, he cannot cause serious injuries or death unless the other party is extremely wicked and can be dealt with accordingly.

At this moment, since they had already initiated violence, Wang Yongsan no longer needed to hold back.








"You want to hit me? I'm afraid you don't have the ability."

Wang Yongsan raised his hand and slapped each of them, pa-pa-pa-pa.

Six Little Thieves who rushed up couldn't react in time. They felt as if their faces were hit by a car, and after a powerful force struck them, they all fell to the ground in a daze.

Old Li saw that a fight was about to break out and was about to be afraid, but then he saw several hooligan-like guys lying on the ground.

"This..." Old Li was stunned.

Wang Yongsan grinned and said, "Don't worry, Old Master, let's go to the bank. We can transfer the money at the counter."

Old Li nodded mechanically like a puppet.

Just as they were about to leave, the goateed shopkeeper suddenly shouted, "Wait!"

Wang Yongsan turned around and said with a sneer, "What? Do you also want to spar with me?"

When Sun the shopkeeper was stared at by Wang Yongsan, he immediately retreated in fear.

However, he quickly regained his composure and said with a gloomy expression, "I am an educated person; I won't be as rude as you. But if you think you can manipulate our antique street at will, then you are terribly mistaken."

After saying that, he ordered his own employees, "Go and invite the regulatory officer."


Chapter 246:
That employee, after receiving the order, quickly ran towards the center of the antique street.

Wang Yongsan slightly frowned. The two words "supervision" made him think of supervisors. Could it be that there are also martial arts supervisors in this antique street?

Thinking carefully, it is not impossible.

After all, there are fish and dragons mixed here. Although most of them are fake goods, there are also treasures like Lao Litu's chess set. It is possible that martial artists will cause trouble here because of antiques.

Therefore, it is reasonable to arrange a supervisor here.

Just thinking about it, someone has already leaped over from the front.

This person takes more than ten steps at a time, faster than the speed of a 100-meter sprint. But when you look at his movements, he is comfortable and effortless, as if he has not worked too hard at all.

A few steps to the front.

The person who came frowned slightly: "Martial artist?"

Wang Yongsan replied, "The same as you."

The person in front of him was over 1.8 meters tall, muscular, with slightly rough skin, and was probably around thirty years old.

Wang Yongsan used the technique of looking at Qi to see that the other party was at the peak of Xisu, and his internal strength had also reached its maximum value, on the verge of breaking through to the Qi Meridian period.

"I am Hu Fei, how should I address you?" The big man asked.

"My name is Wang Yongsan."

When martial artists meet, it is customary to exchange names to avoid situations where one family fights another. For example, Wang Yongsan's name has already spread on the martial arts supervision website. If the person in front of him had seen his deeds, he should not have made the following judgment.

Unfortunately, this person recently found a young lover and did not even participate in the annual assessment, let alone look at the news on the supervision website.

"Wang Yongsan, I've never heard of it. But seeing that you are young and have broken through Xisu, you should be the descendant of a big family?" Hu Fei tentatively asked.

If the other party really is from a big family, even if he is a martial arts supervisor, he would still have to give some face.

However, Wang Yongsan is not a descendant of a prominent family.

So he shook his head decisively: "I am not from any big family, just an ordinary person with good luck. You wouldn't look at me differently because of these reasons, would you?"

Hu Fei did not answer but asked instead: "Ordinary person? So you are a new colleague who passed the assessment this year?"

Wang Yongsan nodded: "I already told you, I am the same as you."

Hu Fei recalled that Wang Yongsan did say so just now, but at that time he only thought of the other party as an ordinary martial artist, so he did not think about this "same" referring to being a fellow supervisor.

However, just like what Hu Sanshuo told Wang Yongsan on the day of the assessment, there are factions within the supervisors and conflicts exist.

Hu Fei did not go to the supervision website, but a few days ago, his group had already given a heads-up to two new people. He recognized the newcomers of Longtai Group this year, and the guy in front of him, whether he is a new supervisor or not, at least he is not from Longtai Group.

People from other groups coming to Longtai, if they don't cause trouble, it would be fine. But once they do, and get caught, they will still be punished.

"Hu Supervisor, could this gentleman also be a supervisor?" Sun Laoguan asked nervously.

He thought it was just an ordinary second-generation rich kid, but he didn't expect that the other party would actually be a supervisor.


Chapter 247:
He had seen the privileges of these supervisors before, so he knew that not only could they cause trouble for others, but with just a word from them, one might end up being arrested.

"Hmm."

Hu Fei glanced at him and did not answer his question. Instead, he turned to Wang Yongsan and said, "Although we worked together, you know the internal rules. Should we handle this publicly or privately?"

Private settlement?

Again, a private settlement.

Last time at Wang Yongsan's house, his cousin also wanted to settle things privately. In reality, it was just taking bribes from the other party and trying to make a big issue seem small.

Now, Hu Fei wanted to settle things with him privately without even asking the reason.

Wang Yongsan shook his head and chuckled, "I'm sorry, Hu Supervisor. I think you haven't figured out the truth yet. They were the ones who started it. All I did was defend myself. I didn't kill anyone or cause any permanent damage. What needs to be settled privately?"

Hu Fei, with an air of superiority, said, "They started it? If you hadn't provoked them, would they have hit you?"

Wang Yongsan furrowed his brows, "Hu Supervisor, what you're saying isn't very fair. In any conflict, one party is always at fault first. Why do you assume it's me?"

Hu Fei was left speechless.

He turned to Sun Guan and said, "You tell me, why did you call me here? If it's your fault, don't blame me for being harsh."

This was clearly a threat.

Sun Guan, to avoid severe punishment, would naturally try to push all the blame onto Wang Yongsan.

"Hu Supervisor, this really has nothing to do with me. One of my clients was deceived by him and wanted to trade privately with him, but our patrol caught them. When we tried to stop them, this supervisor got angry and directly beat the person down. Look at them; they're still unconscious now."

Wang Yongsan sneered inwardly.

If you want to blame someone, how can there be no reason?

No wonder even Ye Qiong said that the increase in team size led to a significant decline in team member quality.

He even dared to lie blatantly in front of his colleagues. If it were other martial artists, wouldn't he treat himself like a big shot?

"No, that's not true."

At this moment, the timid and silent old Li spoke up.

He pointed at the small thieves on the ground and said to Hu Fei, "It was them who started it. The young man was just defending himself. These people all stopped because of Sun Guan's orders."

Old Li's words brought a sense of warmth to Wang Yongsan's heart.

Although he couldn't help much, having someone speak up for him was a great source of mental support.

Wang Yongsan saw that after old Li spoke, Hu Fei's expression turned gloomy...








In the few years Hu Fei had been a supervisor, he had received countless benefits from bribes and kickbacks. However, compared to money, pills that could enhance his cultivation were more valuable to him.

The current Wang Yongsan was the type of person he liked to extort the most.

Seeing the prey that was about to fly away, how could he let it escape?

Hu Fei's expression darkened as he asked Sun Guan, "Is what he said true?"

</div>


Chapter 248:
"Sun, the owner of this shop, was sweating profusely. He quickly waved his hand and said, "It's not true, it's not true. This old fellow Li is in cahoots with him. They originally intended to swindle money from my shop, but when they failed in their attempt, they were caught instead. That's why they resorted to violence."

Old Li was infuriated by Sun's slander, but he was too honest to come up with a retort at that moment.

Wang Yongsan sneered and asked, "Aren't you the one who said just now that I and this gentleman were conducting a private transaction? Now how come we're suddenly in cahoots?"

"I didn't understand earlier, but now I see clearly that you two are indeed working together," Sun shouted, fearing that no one would believe him and he would provoke Hu Fei's punishment.

However, what Hu Fei had been waiting for was an excuse.

Regardless of whether Sun's words were true or false, as long as they suited Hu Fei's intentions, even if they were fabricated, he would treat them as genuine.

"Alright, the matter is clear now. You and this seemingly honest old man set up a scheme together to harm the shopkeeper, but when you failed, you became enraged and attacked them. Now let me ask you again, how do you intend to resolve this matter?" Hu Fei asked with a stern face.

Wang Yongsan sighed in relief.

It was truly futile to engage in idle chatter with such a person.

"Well, if that's the case, let's settle it publicly then," Wang Yongsan said.

Hu Fei was taken aback for a moment.

In disputes like these, regardless of who was right or wrong, people usually preferred to settle privately.

If it were settled publicly, even if Hu Fei was at fault, it would merely be considered a lapse in supervision and he wouldn't face any actual punishment. On the other hand, if it were Wang Yongsan's fault, he would face severe penalties.

Especially since similar matters usually ended with judgments favoring the supervisory side, which in this case was Hu Fei's side.

Hu Fei couldn't figure out what this hot-headed young man was thinking, as he refused to accept any benefits from Hu Fei and settle privately.

"Haha, I guess I forgot that you should be a new recruit this year?" Hu Fei slapped his forehead, finally understanding.

He solemnly said, "Let me remind you, based on your actions today, you will be subjected to at least three months of confinement, and it will become a lifelong stain on your record. Applying for various permissions in the future will also be much more difficult for you."

Wang Yongsan asked coldly, "Then what about settling privately?"

Hu Fei chuckled, "If we settle privately, it would be much simpler. If it were any other martial artist, such a significant matter would require at least five Washing Marrow Pills. Considering you're my colleague and a new recruit, just give me one as a token of appreciation."

Hu Fei knew that new recruits usually had only one or two Washing Marrow Pills after passing the assessment.

He spoke politely, but he was already asking for a hefty sum.

Wang Yongsan frowned and asked, "Regulatory Hu, isn't this considered bribery?"

Hu Fei's expression turned stern, and he said earnestly, "Young brother, you are still too naive. Once you spend more time in this line of work, you'll realize that some unwritten rules are actually more reasonable and advantageous than the written ones. Being too rigid will only cause you to suffer losses."

"Is that so?"

Wang Yongsan suddenly laughed.

Then he took out his mobile phone from his pocket and fiddled with it for a moment.


Chapter 249:
"——Do you want to settle this privately or publicly?

——Haha, I forgot that you should be a new recruit this year. Don't blame me for not reminding you. With your actions today, you should be punished with at least three months of confinement...

——Young brother, you are still too naive...

The phone played the previous conversation, and every word was clear.

"Hu Guanliang, what if I give this to Director Liu or Minister Ye? How many months of confinement would that earn me?" Wang Yongsan looked at the other party's dead donkey face and felt very proud.

If bullying civilians should be punished severely, then using public office for personal gain and accepting bribes are charges that would lead to dismissal from the position of a supervisor.

A dismissed supervisor would usually have their martial arts skills crippled as well.

For any supervisor, or for any person in the Jianghu (martial arts world), having their martial arts skills crippled is absolutely unbearable.

"You're looking for death."

Hu Fei suddenly attacked.

The distance between the two was too close, and by the time his fist had been thrown, it had almost reached Wang Yongsan's face.

Washing Marrow Peak is equivalent to 20 points of physique.

Wang Yongsan's energy was full, but his physique was only 15 points. His speed was half a beat slower than the other party's, and even though he managed to react and dodge, his face was still grazed by the edge of the fist.

Ouch...

It burned with pain.

Last time on the gambling stage, Wang Yongsan had luck, cat's eye, and glutton abilities assisting him to defeat Duan Jiang, who was three minor levels higher than himself.

But today, facing Hu Fei, who is five minor levels higher than himself, Wang Yongsan only has the glutton ability assisting him.

"Damn it, I didn't expect the gap in strength to be so obvious. If only I had taken some abilities beforehand as a reserve."

It was too late for Wang Yongsan to regret it now.

Drawing abilities requires time, but in a fight between experts, every second counts. By the time he finishes drawing an ability, he might already be knocked down by his opponent.

And most importantly, what if he doesn't draw a useful ability?

He could only fight to the death.

"Fuck your ancestors."

Wang Yongsan roared and punched out fiercely.

Hu Fei saw this and instead burst into laughter.

"Foolish youngster, you dare to retaliate? Let me break it."

The two iron fists collided.

However, to Hu Fei's shock, his own fist did not shatter the other's knuckles but instead felt a numbness in his own fist.

"Seven Injuries Fist?"

Hu Fei immediately guessed why and instead showed a look of delight on his face.

At the moment he made his move, he had already determined that Wang Yongsan's realm was at the fifth minor level of Washing Marrow.

A youngster at the fifth minor level of Washing Marrow, apart from some descendants of strong people and children of wealthy families who have medicine to help them advance their realm, ordinary people who practice steadily find it difficult to progress so quickly. If not for the evidence Wang Yongsan had, which was enough to get him crippled of his martial arts skills, Hu Fei really didn't want to be an enemy with such a person.

But seeing Wang Yongsan using the Seven Injuries Fist, Hu Fei was no longer worried that Wang Yongsan would have a powerful background.

Because the characteristic of the Seven Injuries Fist is that it injures oneself before hurting others, and not just any injury but a very severe one."


Chapter 250:
Those descendants of strong people or aristocratic families, with better martial arts cultivation, would absolutely not fancy the Seven Injuries Fist, such a chicken rib technique.

"Boy, you are seeking death yourself. Remember to keep your eyes open in your next life when you reincarnate as a human," Hu Fei laughed loudly and again flew towards Wang Yongsan.

However, when he was only two meters away from Wang Yongsan…

He heard Wang Yongsan calmly mutter, "Purchase two points of physique."








Wang Yongsan currently had a total of 150 points, and he spent 80 points to purchase two points of physique. He felt a little heartache about it.

However, Wang Yongsan also didn't expect that the power of the Seven Injuries Fist would be so explosive.

Not only did it harm enemies, but it also harmed himself quite a bit.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan's fists were numb, and the blood within his body was surging crazily, as if a pot full of blood was boiling and wanting to spew out.

"Ding, physique purchase successful. 80 points of reckless points consumed. Your current physique is changed to 17 points."

With the enhancement of physique, the surging blood within Wang Yongsan's body immediately calmed down.

Although there was still a slight discomfort, it didn't cause any major problems after all.

At this moment, Hu Fei's fist was less than 20 centimeters away from Wang Yongsan's head. Wang Yongsan quickly lowered his head, and then used his skull to collide with the iron fist of the other party while also striking back at the other's face with a punch.

The Seven Injuries Fist not only had powerful offensive power but also an aggressive attacking method. It was a martial technique that fought with death as the last resort.

Wang Yongsan felt a little dizzy after being hit by the other party's punch, but he quickly recovered.

On the other hand, Hu Fei was almost knocked to the ground after being punched by Wang Yongsan.

"Again!"

With an increase of two points in physique and the Seven Injuries Fist, Wang Yongsan finally had some ability to resist.

This time he took the initiative to attack and directly rushed towards Hu Fei.

"You are seeking death!"

Hu Fei was both surprised and angry.

The guy in front of him had muttered something incomprehensible, but his strength suddenly increased. This was simply unscientific!

The two exchanged punches again.

Hu Fei hit Wang Yongsan's face, while Wang Yongsan punched him in the stomach.

Wang Yongsan was beaten so that his legs went limp, and there was a bruise on his face, but Hu Fei seemed even more uncomfortable. He covered his stomach and almost squatted on the ground.

"Damn it, why is this happening?" Hu Fei was unwilling to accept the situation.

Even if Wang Yongsan suddenly rose two levels, he was still three minor grades higher than him.

However, despite the Seven Injuries Fist having such a significant side effect, it could still rank among the third-tier martial techniques. This showed how much its offensive power was enhanced.

As for defense, apart from those who specifically cultivated hard martial arts, in terms of ability to withstand beatings, who would dare say they could compete with someone with the talent of a glutton?

Bang bang bang bang…

The two exchanged punches again, each punch landing on flesh.

Hu Fei's face was swollen, and so was Wang Yongsan's.

Hu Fei's legs were limping, and so was Wang Yongsan's.

Hu Fei was knocked down and lay on the ground panting heavily, while Wang Yongsan was still standing just like him.

Hu Fei cried out, "Your sister, what's the big deal? Do you have to fight so desperately for it?"

</div>


Chapter 251:
This time Wang Yongsan was different from him. He didn't cry but grinned foolishly, saying, "To you, this is just a small matter. But to me, it's about my principles. I don't feel like I'm risking my life at all. Instead, defeating you makes me feel incredibly comfortable."

"You're a pervert," Hu Fei cursed through his tears.

Learning the Seven Injury Fist makes one a pervert, and Wang Yongsan, who fights without fear of death, is an even greater pervert among perverts.

Everyone around was stunned; it was their first time witnessing such a tragic fight.

The metabolic energy was restoring Wang Yongsan's body, and soon he stood up, taking out his phone to call the regulatory hotline.

The regulatory department's hotline is 000, similar to 110. After reporting the case, within five minutes, nearby regulators arrived at the scene.

Hu Fei was carried away by his colleagues from the regulatory department.

Wang Yongsan then found Lao Li, the old man who had asked him to look at his eyes, showing a set of white teeth: "Grandpa, I've kept you waiting. Let's go to the bank now."

Buying physical strength had cost him 80 points of merit, and although his physical strength had increased slightly, Wang Yongsan still felt a bit painful about it.

The two arrived at the nearby bank.

It wasn't until the task was completed and he received 30 points of merit as a reward that Wang Yongsan felt better in his heart.

"Thank you, thank you, young man," Lao Li said gratefully, tears uncontrollably streaming down his face.

Originally, he only wanted to sell it for 30,000 yuan, just enough to pay off the medical bills owed by his boss. He never expected Wang Yongsan to offer 200,000 yuan; how could the old man not be grateful?

Wang Yongsan laughed and comforted him: "Grandpa, your item is worth this price. It might even be me who got a good deal from you. There's really no need to thank me."

Lao Li was an honest man and insisted that Wang Yongsan had helped him greatly.

"Young man, this is my home phone number. Please come to my house when you have time. I'll treat you to some wild game, things you can't find in the city."

"Okay, grandpa, then I'll thank you first."

"No need to do that. If you thank me, it would be an insult to me. Anyway, please come when you have time."

"I will, I will."

Lao Li had to pay the hospital fees for his wife who was staying there, so he hurriedly left.

Wang Yongsan sighed; people really cannot be compared.

He lived a luxurious life, unaware of the difficulties faced by those in poverty. When he had the ability to help others, he should assist those in need more often.

Of course, he would only help honest people like Lao Li and those truly in need. As for the beggars with both hands and feet, Wang Yongsan had never given them a single cent.

After the fight, Wang Yongsan's clothes were torn and he had wounds all over his body. Now that the metabolic energy was exhausted, he still looked somewhat bruised and swollen.

It was almost time for a meal anyway, so Wang Yongsan simply found a small restaurant, ordered 30 dishes, two large bowls of rice and ten steamed buns, and indulged in a feast.

After eating his fill, he went to the supermarket to buy some canned fish and other snacks before going to meet Hua Shengnan.

"Meow, you're late today."

As soon as they met, Hua Shengnan seemed a bit unhappy.

Since she started transforming into a ragdoll cat, her temperament had changed from being aggressive to becoming somewhat aloof and lazy, like a cat.


Chapter 252:
Compared to her previous rough character, Wang Yongsan found the current version of her more adorable, even though her "meow-meow-meow" way of speaking was somewhat unfamiliar.

"Alright, I came late because I was buying you snacks. Please forgive me, old lady."

Cats are a mystical creature; regardless of whether you're poor or rich, handsome or ordinary, they look down on you. If you wish to communicate with them well, you must lower your stance.

Thus, people who keep cats are called "cat slaves."

As Wang Yongsan spoke, he took out the items he had purchased and neatly placed them on the table.

Seeing the delicious food, Hua Shengnan finally showed a hint of a smile.

After elegantly finishing her lunch, Hua Shengnan licked her chopsticks skillfully and watched as Wang Yongsan packed away the utensils and leftover food before taking out a scroll from the corner of the bed.

"Meow, take this."

Wang Yongsan took it and asked in confusion, "What is this?"

Hua Shengnan lazily replied, "My calligraphy."

Calligraphy is referred to as "ink treasure," typically used for works by calligraphers with exceptional writing skills.

"Is this a gift for me?" Wang Yongsan was delighted.

Lately, after serving Hua Shengnan meals every day, he hadn't heard her express gratitude. However, since this little cat would give him something, even though it probably wasn't valuable, at least it meant she acknowledged his efforts.

Yet, Hua Shengnan's next action left Wang Yongsan feeling embarrassed.








Hua Shengnan rolled her eyes, making a disdainful expression, and lazily said, "How could it be?"

"Then what do you mean?"

Wang Yongsan was puzzled, thinking perhaps Hua Shengnan was a renowned calligrapher. Her writing might not be worth much, but at least it showed she appreciated his efforts.

Hua Shengnan comfortably rubbed her wrist against her face and then curled up on the bed before saying, "Tomorrow is my grandfather's birthday. This is a gift for him; please deliver it when you go there."

"Your grandfather? Who is he?"

Wang Yongsan was a bit confused.

By now, he still didn't know the relationship between Hua Shengnan and Old Zhu.

From the beginning, when Zhu Chang'an called her to pursue Wang Yongsan using normal means, Hua Shengnan assumed he knew she was his granddaughter.

"Meow, are you joking?"

"But I really don't know your grandfather."

"You saved him twice and told him I raped you; isn't that what you said?"

"Ah?"

Wang Yongsan finally understood. "You mean Old Zhu? You're his granddaughter?"

Hua Shengnan looked down on him even more.

"It seems you're really a pig-human hybrid. I'm surnamed Hua, and Ye Qing is my uncle by marriage."

Wang Yongsan scratched his head, thinking Hua Shengnan was grateful to him and giving him a gift. It turned out he had misinterpreted her intentions.

However, Old Zhu was such a kind person, yet he had Hua Shengnan as his granddaughter with her explosive temper. It seemed his son-in-law must have an even worse temperament.

"Hey? Right!"

Wang Yongsan suddenly asked, "Since you're Old Zhu's granddaughter, does that make Ye Qing your dad?"

Hua Shengnan's disdain deepened.

"It seems you're truly a pig-human hybrid. I'm surnamed Hua, and Ye Qing is my uncle by marriage."


Chapter 253:
```
Alright, you're right.

Now even Wang Yongsan himself wonders if he has become a pig-human hybrid, not understanding such simple common sense.

Moreover, Ye Qing is only thirty-seven or eight years old this year. Although Hua Shengnan is also very young, she is already twenty-six years old, only eleven or twelve years younger than Ye Qing. Age-wise, they don't match either.

"Do you have anything else to say, meow?"

"Uh, nothing."

"Officer Mei needs to sleep. If there's nothing else, you can leave now, meow."

After a few words, Hua Shengnan had already started yawning.

Cats are nocturnal creatures, lazy during the day and lively at night.

Seeing her posture, Wang Yongsan bid her farewell and took the antique chess set and Hua Shengnan's 'masterpiece' back to his room.

He slept soundly for the afternoon, watched a movie with Luo Yusha in the evening, and the day quickly passed.

The next day,

Wang Yongsan took a taxi to Zhu Changan's house.

Old Zhu's home was in the countryside, a beautiful place with mountains and rivers. Surrounded by lush forests, a small river flowed through the village, clear water with frogs and fish playing in it.

"Wow, so many cars."

Wang Yongsan's taxi had just reached the village entrance when it got stuck and couldn't move forward.

The driver stopped the car, apologized, "Young man, we've reached our destination. It might be hard to get out if you go any further. How about you walk from here?"

"Okay, thank you, master."

It's not easy being a taxi driver. For such a small matter, Wang Yongsan readily agreed.

After paying the fare, Wang Yongsan got out of the car and walked into the village.

On both sides of the road leading to the village, there were over two hundred luxury cars parked. Among them, sports cars and Rolls-Royces worth tens of millions accounted for half, while the remaining half were modified SUVs.

The last portion was some seemingly ordinary black sedans. Without asking, one would know that these must be officials' cars.

These people usually drive low-key cars, but how many of them are truly honest?

Wang Yongsan didn't pay much attention to these things. When he was almost at the end of the cars, someone suddenly got out of an old Volkswagen parked on the side.

"Hey, who are you?"

Hearing the voice, Wang Yongsan also looked in that direction.

It was a white-haired old man with glasses, smiling and looking like a cultured person in his fifties.

Wang Yongsan felt familiar, but couldn't remember who he was for a moment. He could only politely smile and say, "Grandpa, my name is Wang Yongsan. Do you know me?"

"Oh oh oh, it's you kid."

Hearing Wang Yongsan's name, the old man's big eyes suddenly widened.

The smile on his face disappeared, replaced by a high and mighty expression as he frowned, "What are you doing here? Are you from this village?"

Wang Yongsan was asked with a puzzled expression, shaking his head, "I came to celebrate my friend's birthday. He is from this village."

The old man laughed coldly, "Haha, that's a coincidence. Your friend is also celebrating his birthday today. How can I believe you? Are you here to petition because you got fired?"

Mentioning being fired, Wang Yongsan suddenly remembered.

He pointed at the old man and exclaimed in surprise, "You're Principal Lv?"
```


Chapter 254:
Principal Lv said with annoyance, "It's only now that you recognize me. It seems your days at school are spent doing nothing but ignoring the very principal of your own school. Are you not embarrassed to say such a thing?"

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

How many students nowadays care about who the principal is?

Male students are more concerned with who the school beauty is, what their ranking in Honor of Kings or League of Legends is.

Female students have more interests, handsome guys, beautiful girls, cosmetics, snacks, bags, shoes, clothes, and games. No one would care about the principal.

Perhaps only students like Luo Yusha, who are members of the student council, would recognize the principal at a glance.

"I warn you, this place is not somewhere you should be today. If you dare to petition here, you might end up in jail directly. You can raise your issues through proper channels; arguing without reason is useless," said Principal Lv with a righteous tone, his voice filled with an air of authority and a hint of admonishment.

If Wang Yongsan didn't know what he had done, he might have felt enlightened.

But now…

Wang Yongsan sneered, "Old ghost Lv, don't worry. Today is my friend's birthday. Even if I knew about the shady dealings you and Wang Gang were involved in, I wouldn't bring it up today."

"Hmph, still stubborn? How many people are there in this village? How many young people are there? And it just so happens that your friend's birthday is today too. You should find a better excuse to fool people," said Principal Lv, not imagining for a moment that Wang Yongsan's friend would be Zhu Changan.

In his view, Wang Yongsan was expelled from school and felt wronged. Coincidentally, he heard that a big shot was celebrating his birthday here, so he made up an excuse to petition.

"Move aside," Wang Yongsan said coldly, not wanting to waste words on him.

Principal Lv glared and said, "You brat, why don't you listen to me? Haven't you seen all these luxury cars? Today, the village is filled with big shots. Any one of them could drown you just by spitting. I advise you to go back where you came from as soon as possible, lest you bring misfortune upon yourself and your family."

If Principal Lv hadn't mentioned his family, Wang Yongsan would have let him off for Zhu Changan's birthday.

But this old fool actually used Wang Yongsan's family as a threat, something Wang Yongsan couldn't tolerate.








"What did you say? Do you want me to repeat it?" Wang Yongsan's voice was low and cold, his icy gaze making Principal Lv feel a chill in his heart.

However, today he had the opportunity to come here thanks to Deputy Mayor Wang's promotion. Even if it meant risking someone petitioning, he couldn't give in to Wang Yongsan.

"I said for you to go back where you came from, or else if you offend someone you shouldn't, it won't just be you who suffers; your parents will suffer too." Principal Lv gritted his teeth and said this.

Crackle~ Crackle~

Wang Yongsan's fists were clenched so tightly that they made a sound.

Seeing this situation, Principal Lv was both afraid and happy.

Today, there were many people guarding the outskirts for the retired leader's birthday. If this kid hit someone, although he might suffer a bit himself, the kid would definitely be arrested.

If getting beaten up was all it took to eliminate this big problem, Principal Lv felt he could take the risk.

"What? Do you want to hit me?"


Chapter 255:
“Come on, come on, I'm standing right here. Go ahead and hit me if you dare.”

“Someone like you, a problem youth, I would have kicked you out sooner or later even if Vice Mayor Wang hadn't given instructions. And not just you, but also Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi will be punished severely because of you. Remember, it's all because…”

*Slap!*

A heavy slap landed on Principal Lu's face.

Principal Lu swore that he had never experienced such a hard slap in his life. It made him dizzy and disoriented, as if his entire head had gone numb.

He fell to the ground, blood and yellowed teeth spilling out of his mouth, looking like a mentally challenged child.

“Say that again if you have the guts!”

Wang Yongsan stared down at him menacingly. If this scoundrel dared to speak again, he would tear his face apart.

Several figures quickly approached.

“Hmm? You?”

The newcomers recognized Wang Yongsan, a descendant of the Chen family boxing style.

Principal Lu had also regained his senses by now, wiping the blood from his mouth and shouting excitedly: “You see! He hit me! He's causing trouble here! Quick, arrest him and take him away! Hurry!”

His face was still numb, and he had lost a few teeth, making his speech sound rather comical.

But thinking that Wang Yongsan would soon be taken away and even imprisoned, he felt it was all worth it.

“Quick! Quickly arrest him! He's causing trouble at Old Master Zhu's birthday celebration! What are you guards doing?” Principal Lu urged when he saw that these ‘guards’ were not moving.

His words sounded rather windy due to his missing teeth, but he didn't care.

However, when he saw that these ‘guards’ were not taking action, he couldn't help but urge them on.

The Chen family boxing practitioner gave him a stern look and shouted, “Be quiet!”

His voice was filled with malice, which immediately made Principal Lu shiver in fear.

The Chen family boxing practitioner greeted Wang Yongsan with a fist, “Good day, Warden Wang. May I ask what happened just now…”

Wang Yongsan was a warden, responsible for managing martial artists. Even the Chen family boxing practitioners fell under his jurisdiction.

However, this was Old Master Zhu's territory, and Wang Yongsan had also injured someone in public. The Chen family boxing practitioners couldn't help but ask about the situation briefly.

Wang Yongsan suppressed his anger and said, “This old fool blocked my way to pay respects to Old Master Zhu and insulted my parents and friends. I only gave him a slap as a lesson. Do you think there's a problem with that?”

The Chen family boxing practitioner immediately said, “If it's really the case, then there's certainly no problem.”

Then he turned around and asked Principal Lu sternly, “Who are you? What do you do? Who invited you here?”

Three questions in a row left Principal Lu bewildered.

He had no idea about martial artists' affairs and thought they were just security guards. He actually dared to confront him, a guest of the mayor, for their friends' sake.

He widened his eyes in astonishment and said incredulously, “Who am I? Lift your dog ears and listen carefully. I'm the principal of Longtai University! Mayor Wang Gang invited me here! Now I give you dogs a chance. Immediately throw this person out for me, or else I'll find your manager and make you lose your jobs!”

He was just a university principal, completely unaware of the dangers posed by martial artists.


Chapter 256:
If not for the fact that it was Old Man Zhu's birthday celebration, just those words "watchdog" from earlier would have been enough for the people of Chen Family Fist to cut out his tongue.

However, even so, the people of Chen Family Fist had already taken note of him.

They couldn't openly deal with him, but there were always covert methods.

"Go in and verify his identity," the leader of Chen Family Fist instructed his fellow disciples behind him.

Wang Yongsan timely spoke to stop them: "There's no need, this old thing does indeed have some connection with Wang Gang."

Lv, the school principal, boasted arrogantly: "Don't think that just because you helped me verify my identity, I will show leniency towards you. As for you, a few watchdogs, trying to help him against me? You've all gone blind."

The people of Chen Family Fist were so angry that they trembled.

However, today, in this place, they couldn't take action; otherwise, if they were punished themselves, it would be a minor matter, but losing face for Chen Family Fist would be serious.

"Brothers, this old thing is insulting you so much, and you can still bear it?" Wang Yongsan was also impressed by these people's self-control.

The people of Chen Family Fist shook their heads: "Even if we can't bear it, we have to. Today, we are responsible for Old Man Zhu's birthday security; how can we personally hit the guests?"

"Alright, if you can't take action, then I will."

Wang Yongsan didn't care about those things.

When encountering such a situation, even an ordinary person couldn't hold back; why should he, who had abilities, be more restrained than an ordinary person?

"You dare hit me?" Lv, the school principal, was frightened and retreated.

Just now, Wang Yongsan's slap had hit him so hard that his face was still numb.

Wang Yongsan didn't bother with idle talk and directly answered with another slap.

*Slap!*

Crisp and loud.

The sound of this slap was like firecrackers, clearly audible even to those dozens of meters away.

This time, the people of Chen Family Fist didn't say anything more; instead, they formed a human wall to help Wang Yongsan block others' gazes.

*Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!*

One slap after another.

Wang Yongsan really hated this stupid principal to the core; he was just a principal and already so arrogant. If he became an official, how unbearable would that be?

"Stop!"

A stern shout came from afar.

Wang Yongsan had just finished his fun and stood up straight, looking in the direction where the voice came from.

This time, a group of people arrived, with two in the lead, both in their forties or fifties. One of them looked somewhat similar to Wang Hao, and Wang Yongsan immediately guessed his identity.

"Mayor Wang Gang, save me, save me!" Lv, the school principal, crawled over with his knees on the ground and cried out.

His face had already been slapped to deformity, and his teeth that were already aging had fallen out one after another. When he spoke, it was all "woo" sounds with air passing through; no one could understand what he meant.

Wang Gang looked down at the stupid principal kneeling in front of him with disgust. If not for seeing that he was obedient and loyal, Wang Gang wouldn't have brought him here to make a fool of himself.

"Director Wang is truly imposing, but hitting someone in front of so many people doesn't seem to conform to the rules of a prison officer, does it?"

Wang Gang had been an official for so long and was adept at using words to kill. With just one sentence, he put a big hat on Wang Yongsan.








Wang Yongsan was straightforward, but he wasn't stupid. When faced with such a topic, once he answered directly, he would often fall into others' traps.


Chapter 257:
At this moment, the best response method is to ask back at the other party.

As long as one does not give a direct answer, no matter what tricks others use, one will not fall into the trap.

"Deputy Mayor Wang, when it comes to rules, you are quite adept at breaking them. During your years in office, what kind of rules have you broken? Do I need to remind you?" Wang Yongsan said calmly.

He still has evidence of Wang Gang's illegal activities, although he didn't bring it with him today, but some content, he remembered.

Wang Gang has always been very cautious in his actions, and many things are personally contacted, rarely leaving any loopholes.

Hearing this, Wang Gang smiled indifferently and said, "Young man, you must be responsible for what you say. I'm curious to hear what bad rules I have broken over the years?"

Wang Yongsan raised his fingers and gestured, "For example: the incident at Honghu Hotel, and the matter of Taiyang Group, I wonder if Mayor Wang Gang understands what I'm talking about."

The Honghu Hotel jumping incident caused a sensation nationwide at the time.

A rich second-generation individual drugged and raped a woman, but the drug was not potent enough, and the woman escaped from the clutches of the rich second-generation individual in the last moment before being violated, and was forced to jump off a building and commit suicide.

The family of the rich second-generation individual found Wang Gang at that time and paid him 20 million yuan to help settle the matter. In the end, the event was written up as a young woman jumping off a building after taking prohibited substances in a hotel and experiencing mental confusion.

There was also the matter of Taiyang Group, which occurred because Wang Gang accepted money from the competitor of the other party at that time and used his power to indefinitely ban their project, directly leading to Taiyang Group being maliciously acquired, with the CEO burdened by debt and having no choice but to jump off a building.

During Wang Gang's tenure, he had done many more severe things than this, including the last time when he hired people from the underworld to go to his house, all of which were crimes that could result in imprisonment or even the death penalty.

However, Wang Yongsan did not reveal all of this.

Because his evidence came from the notebook found at Xingqi Bank, if Wang Yongsan revealed all of this, it would also mean telling Wang Gang that the person who robbed Xingqi Bank was him.

At that time, Wang Gang would certainly fight to the death and tell Xingqi Bank about Wang Yongsan being a criminal, so that Xingqi Bank could take revenge for him.

Upon hearing these two incidents, Wang Gang's face had already turned gloomy.

"Young man, you must have evidence when you speak. You are making baseless accusations in front of so many people; be careful that I sue you for defamation."

Wang Yongsan raised his eyebrows and challenged, "Is that so? You're sure you want to sue me?"

Wang Gang's brows slowly furrowed.

Wang Yongsan was so fearless that he must know something else.

Although he couldn't imagine how a 1.8-meter tall Wang Yongsan could be the same person as the 1.6-meter tall bank basement robber, it was possible that he obtained the evidence from somewhere else.

"Of course. If you can reflect on your actions, I'm willing to give a young man like you a chance." Wang Gang caved in.

"So, you're not going to sue?"

"That depends on whether you continue to spread lies in the future."

"Then let's see what happens."

Wang Yongsan said this, then walked past everyone with large strides and headed towards the village.

It is not yet time to deal with Wang Gang today.

Although Wang Gang conceded today, he will definitely use underhanded tactics against Wang Yongsan in the future. The conflict between them has already reached an irreconcilable point.


Chapter 258:
"Mayor Wang, are you just going to let him go?" Principal Lu knelt on the ground, slurring his words.

Wang Gang lowered his head and gave him a fierce glare. His voice was cold and eerie as he said, "What did you say?"

"No no, nothing."

Principal Lu was like a dog to Mayor Wang. As a dog, he knew his master's temperament well.

Wang Gang's expression meant that he was truly angry, and if anyone dared to provoke him further, they would be inviting disaster upon themselves.

Poor Principal Lu had been beaten up for nothing, even losing his teeth, but he still couldn't stop Wang Yongsan.

He never understood what kind of background this student he had expelled had, or how even Deputy Mayor Wang Gang couldn't do anything to him. He hoped that approving his expulsion wouldn't cause any major trouble for himself.

What he didn't know was that in Wang Yongsan's eyes, this principal of his was no more significant than a fart.

As long as he didn't stir up trouble, Wang Yongsan wouldn't bother to take revenge on him.

Wang Yongsan entered the village and saw many familiar faces along the way, all of them his colleagues from the Supervision Department.

"Hey, isn't that Xiao Wang? You're here to help Minister Ye too?"

"Go go go, didn't you see the gifts Xiao Wang brought? He must be here to celebrate someone's birthday."

On the day of the assessment, Ye Qiong publicly called Wang Yongsan "Xiao Wang" and took him to the second floor for a private conversation. Now, almost everyone in the Supervision Department knew about his close relationship with Ye Qiong.

"Two big brothers, I'm here to celebrate Old Zhu's birthday. Do you know which house is his?" Wang Yongsan asked the two colleagues with a smile.

One of them pointed to a house not far away and said, "That's it. There are red lanterns hanging outside the door. Minister Ye is inside too. You can go take a look first."

"Alright, thank you, two big brothers."

Wang Yongsan walked towards the house.

There were so many people celebrating Old Zhu's birthday today that his doorstep was almost trampled flat.

Those who were not up to standard, like Principal Lu, could only go in and say a few words of congratulations before being asked to leave within a minute. Only those who were Old Zhu's old friends or had particularly impressive backgrounds could stay inside.

"Elder Brother Ye."

As soon as Wang Yongsan entered the door, he saw Ye Qiong standing in the courtyard.

"Hey, Brother Wang is here. Quickly, come in." Ye Qiong greeted him warmly.

There was another person talking and laughing with Ye Qiong in the courtyard. Seeing how warmly Ye Qiong welcomed Wang Yongsan, he couldn't help but ask, "Isn't this the little Wang who saved our father-in-law?"

"Haha, that's him." Ye Qiong pulled Wang Yongsan over and introduced, "This is my brother-in-law, Hua Zhennan. On the surface, he's a detective, but in reality, he's a martial artist at the ninth level of the Meridian Realm."

"What kind of martial artist? He's still far behind compared to your broken Cystern Realm." Hua Zhennan laughed modestly.

Wang Yongsan felt a little awkward.

He never expected that the handsome old man in front of him was actually Hua Shengnan's father.

Hua Shengnan had saved him and turned into a half-human, half-cat. Fortunately, she didn't dare to tell her family about it, or else if he found out, who knows if he would turn him into dust.

"Uncle Hua, hello." Wang Yongsan greeted him with a smile.

```


Chapter 259:
Hua Zhennan was quite familiar with him and laughed, "What kind of address is this? You call Ye Qing your brother, so naturally you are also my brother. Just call me Brother Hua or Brother Nan."

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

He thought to himself, "Ye Qing is only thirty-six or seven years old. It's fine for him to call me brother, but your daughter is already older than me by half a month. If I call you brother, what should Hua Shengnan call me?"

At the thought of Hua Shengnan calling him uncle in a soft and gentle voice, Wang Yongsan felt a chill down his spine.








"Uncle Hua, I think it's better if I call you uncle. You are too old for me to address as brother," Wang Yongsan said with a wry smile.

Ye Qing chimed in, "That's right, Uncle Hua. Although Brother Wang and I have a considerable age difference, it's acceptable for us to call each other brother. But you are already over fifty years old; why do you want to get involved?"

After Ye Qing's words, Hua Zhennan felt a bit embarrassed for trying to appear younger.

He could only laugh and say, "Alright, alright, alright. But calling me uncle is too unpleasant; just call me Uncle Hua."

Wang Yongsan then changed his address to "Uncle Hua."

"Okay, okay, okay, Little Nephew Wang, here's a gift from your uncle. Don't be too polite with me," Hua Zhennan said as he took out a bottle of medicine.

Wang Yongsan remembered that these martial artists liked to give gifts to the younger generation. If he became an elder in the future, he would remember to carry some advanced medicines with him so that when younger people greeted him, he could give them something.

Actually, Wang Yongsan didn't know that not everyone in the martial world received gifts. The reason he was so popular was partly because of Old Man Zhu and also due to his own accomplishments.

As soon as Wang Yongsan entered the room, both Ye Qing and Hua Zhennan noticed that he had reached the seventh level of Xisu.

It had only been a week since the assessment, and even if he used medicine to advance, it was still an incredible speed to rise two minor levels in just seven days.

"Alright, Brother Wang, let's go pay respects to Grandpa first. There will be more people coming later, and it will get crowded inside the house," Ye Qing pulled Wang Yongsan towards the inner room.

Wang Yongsan was surprised as they walked, "Are there still people who haven't arrived? There are already so many cars outside; how many people will come in total?"

Ye Qing laughed, "It's still early. Important people like to arrive late; it's not even close to the right time yet."

As they entered the room, Zhu Changan was chatting with three other elderly men of similar age.

Upon entering the room, Ye Qing reminded Old Man Zhu, "Father-in-law, Brother Wang has arrived."

Hearing Wang Yongsan's name, Zhu Changan immediately put down his teacup and stood up to welcome him with a smile, "Welcome, young friend, to our humble abode. Please come in and have a seat."

Wang Yongsan bowed and wished, "Old Man Zhu, happy birthday. May you always have a smile on your face and grow younger with each passing day."

Old Man Zhu laughed heartily, "Thank you for your wishes, young friend. I hope that Old Man Zhu can also grow younger with each passing day."

"Old Man Zhu, I heard you enjoy playing Chinese chess. I happened to find an old set of chess outside and hope you will like it. And this is a birthday gift from Officer Hua; she couldn't come, so I brought it for her." Wang Yongsan handed over two gifts.

Zhu Changan thanked him repeatedly as he accepted the gifts.


Chapter 260:
```
Originally, all the other gifts were placed aside. Wang Yongsan's two items should also be set aside first, waiting to be opened after the birthday celebration.

However, the four elders in the house were all fond of playing chess. Upon hearing about the old chess set, they couldn't help feeling a bit itchy to play.

"Old Zhu, let's open it and see. Since it's still early now, we might even have time for a game," suggested one elder.

The other two elders were also feeling a bit restless.

Zhu Chang'an refused, "What's the point? You slowpokes would take over an hour to finish a game. Let's wait until another day."

In reality, Zhu Chang'an was worried that Wang Yongsan might have bought a fake.

Among his three friends, one was a medical expert, another was a calligraphy master, and the last was an antique connoisseur.

If Wang Yongsan had purchased a counterfeit, and it was exposed on the spot, that would be embarrassing.

"Old Zhu, let everyone take a look. We're all old now; who doesn't know how to handle such situations?" This time, it was the antique connoisseur who spoke.

Zhu Chang'an understood his meaning, knowing that he was implying they wouldn't expose the truth even if it were fake.

In fact, among the four, Zhu Chang'an was the most obsessed with chess. He was now feeling extremely itchy to play as well.

"Alright, since everyone wants to see it so much, I'll open it." Zhu Chang'an carefully took out scissors from a nearby drawer and began to unwrap the package.

Wang Yongsan felt somewhat anxious.

He wasn't worried about buying a fake, because this was something the task system had instructed him to purchase. The system wouldn't ask him to buy a counterfeit, would it?

What he truly feared was that Zhu Laosheng lived a modest life, and his house didn't even seem to be worth 200,000 yuan. If this chess set were recognized as fake and refused by the recipient, what would he do?

The package was opened.

Even Ye Qing, a layman in this field, came forward to admire the old chess set.

"Wow, what a fine piece!"

The speaker was the medical expert.

This old gentleman knew nothing about antiques, and his comment was purely out of social etiquette, meant to make Zhu Chang'an and Wang Yongsan feel good.

However, the antique connoisseur didn't play along; instead, he carefully examined each chess piece.

"No, no."

The antique connoisseur frowned as he shook his head repeatedly.

Zhu Chang'an said with annoyance, "What 'no, no'? I think this chess set is excellent. Whether it's the texture or the age, it definitely isn't ordinary."

Just now, he had said that elderly people would know how to handle situations appropriately, but as soon as they saw the item, he started shaking his head and saying 'no.'

Zhu Chang'an had completely given up on this old friend of his.

The antique connoisseur chuckled, "Old Zhu, by 'no,' I don't mean what you think. I just meant that this kind of item isn't recorded in any antique catalogues."

An antique catalogue is not a comic-like book introducing antiques but rather a manual of experience passed down from master to apprentice, with each copy being unique and irreplaceable once lost.

Due to the difficulty in passing down this knowledge, there are very few antique experts nowadays.
```


Chapter 261:
Upon hearing the antique expert's words, Zhu Changan's appetite was whetted as well. He hastily asked, "Old Sui, what do you see? Don't keep us in suspense!"

Master Sui laughed heartily and replied, "This one here, I'd like to ask the great calligrapher Li about it first. Have you noticed anything?"

Li, the esteemed calligrapher, smiled and said, "What Master Sui is referring to is the font on these chess pieces, right? Based on my observation, this font should be from the Qing Dynasty, specifically the handwriting of Emperor Qianlong. However, it seems unlikely that an emperor would write characters specifically for a set of chess pieces."

Master Sui nodded and said, "That's what I think too. So I say it's not right. Regardless of whether these chess pieces were inscribed by Emperor Qianlong himself or if someone else imitated his handwriting, these are undoubtedly antiques. Their value is at least this much."

Master Sui extended three fingers, with his thumb resting on the second joint of his index finger.

This gesture was only recognizable to insiders, indicating a value of 300,000 yuan.

Wang Yongsan noticed that when Master Sui made this gesture, Zhu Changan's expression hesitated slightly, as if he found it a bit expensive.

Therefore, Wang Yongsan quickly stepped forward and said, "Master is indeed insightful. This item was purchased by me for 3,000 yuan from an elderly person. He claimed it was a Qing Dynasty artifact, but because of its severe damage, he sold it so cheaply. I thought I had been taken advantage of."

Master Sui was stunned but then noticed Zhu Changan's expression, realizing his mistake. He quickly corrected himself:

"Ah yes, I hadn't noticed. These chess pieces are severely damaged, which significantly reduces their value. They have indeed depreciated greatly. Hahaha..."








When people buy antiques, they are always afraid others will say they paid too much. However, Wang Yongsan was the opposite; he feared people would say he made a profit.

Who is Zhu Changan?

He is someone who has entered the halls of power.

In his eyes, all ghosts and monsters have nowhere to hide. Even if Wang Yongsan and Master Sui's amateurish performance tricks were used, even Oscar winners might not be able to deceive him.

However, the same person who has entered the halls of power also understands social etiquette better.

When Zhu Changan was in office, he would never dare to accept such an expensive gift. Otherwise, even if he didn't help someone, there would be those who would use these things against him.

But now that he has retired, there is no need for him to worry about such matters.

"I like this gift very much, thank you."

Hearing Zhu Changan say this, Wang Yongsan finally breathed a sigh of relief.

"You're welcome, you're welcome. I'm glad you like it, Mr. Zhu."

The old men chatted with Wang Yongsan for a while longer, and Zhu Changan introduced his friend of different generations to them.

During this time, several more people came to wish Zhu a happy birthday and saw Wang Yongsan. They were all somewhat surprised. And when they left, they discreetly took note of Wang Yongsan's appearance.

This young man who could sit in Zhu's room for so long was someone they should try to get close to in the future.


Chapter 262:
Without a system for doing things, Wang Yongsan would still just be a college student, the weak kind at that, completely unaware of the benefits he had gained by sitting in Old Zhu's room for a while.

It was already 11 o'clock in the evening.

Ye Qing entered the room again and approached Wang Yongsan: "Brother Wang, the other department leaders you haven't met have arrived. Let me take you to meet them."

He was subtly reminding Wang Yongsan that important figures would be arriving soon.

People like Old Zhu and the others couldn't say such things, and it wouldn't be appropriate for Wang Yongsan to take his leave on his own. Only someone like Ye Qing could bring it up, taking into account everyone's feelings.

"Alright, since that's the case, Old Zhu and the three esteemed gentlemen, I shall take my leave first." Wang Yongsan stood up and said politely.

Old Zhu Changan and the others also bowed to see him off.

Wang Yongsan followed Ye Qing out of the room, but before he could leave the courtyard, a black figure suddenly descended from above.

Ye Qing abruptly stopped and faced the enemy with a cautious expression, his aura suddenly erupting forth.

Wang Yongsan was pushed backward by the powerful force emanating from Ye Qing, unable to withstand it. He retreated until he was pushed back into the room before realizing what had happened.

The black figure descending from above turned out to be a member of the Blood Skeleton gang, dressed in their signature attire.

"Hahahaha, Minister Ye is young but accomplished, reaching the Breakthrough Realm at such a young age. You must be the first in China within the last fifty years, right?" The eerie voice came from beneath the Blood Skeleton's black robe.

Ye Qing responded cautiously, "May I ask who you are? Are you perhaps the leader of the Blood Skeleton's Lu Shan branch?"

The Blood Skeleton member did not release any aura.

However, anyone who merely glanced at him would feel the terrifying presence hidden beneath his black robe.

Ye Qing, with his high cultivation, could sense the opponent's level of strength.

Wang Yongsan, with his ability to see Qi, could also discern the opponent's cultivation level.

"Physique 33, Intelligence 19, Energy 33, Lifespan 129 years?"

"So much lifespan, could he also be a modified human? But aren't modified humans unable to cultivate internal energy?"

Wang Yongsan muttered to himself, confused.

However, one thing was certain: the Blood Skeleton member was at the Breakthrough Realm Third Layer, while Ye Qing was only at the First Layer.

Wang Yongsan couldn't understand why Ye Qing, facing an opponent who was only two minor levels higher, became so cautious. It's because once one reaches the Breakthrough Realm, even if it's just breaking through one more acupoint, the difference in strength can be immense.

"Hahahaha, Brother Ye doesn't need to be so cautious. I came here today not to cause trouble but to bring Old Zhu a gift from the Blood Skeleton. I hope this gift will allow him to live a few more years." The Blood Skeleton casually tossed out a square box.

Ye Qing didn't dare to take the item directly from the opponent, so he reached out and grabbed it with his internal energy.

A formless internal energy surged forth from Ye Qing, seemingly creating an invisible hand in front of him that grabbed the box mid-air.

"This is the ability of a Breakthrough Realm martial artist, to release internal energy externally and control it like an extension of one's own body?"


Chapter 263:
Wang Yongsan was seeing a martial artist's abilities for the first time, and he felt they were incredibly cool.

The Blood Skull member came as he said he would and left just like that, moving at incredible speed. He used the wall for leverage before disappearing in a flash.

By then, the other supervisors had heard the commotion and rushed over.

"Brother Ye, what happened just now?"

"I think I saw a black-robed person leaving. Was it a Blood Skull member?"

"This person must be incredibly skilled to have entered without making a sound."

"Hey, what's in this box?"

Wang Yongsan was curious too.

At that moment, a voice came from behind them.

"Friend, let me pass. I want to see what they've sent us as a gift."

Wang Yongsan turned around to see Old Master Zhu's face full of gravity, but there was no trace of fear.

Wang Yongsan opened the door and went out first, then welcomed Zhu Chang'an outside.

The two walked one after the other to Ye Qing's side, looking at the box he had suspended in mid-air.

Ye Qing said nervously, "Father-in-law, please step back. I'm not sure what dangerous items are inside, and they might hurt you."

Zhu Chang'an shook his head. "Don't worry, I know how these people operate. There's nothing inside that can harm me."

Ye Qing hesitated, "But what if there's an accident? Why don't you go back to your room first? I'll check if the box is safe before opening it, alright?"

Zhu Chang'an shook his head with a smile and said only three words.

"Open it."

Seeing Zhu Chang'an so confident, Ye Qing reluctantly obeyed.

He pinched the air, and the wooden box shattered in mid-air. Then, with a flick of his wrist, the box rotated half a circle along with him.

A 'whoosh' sound was heard as numerous items fell out of the box onto the ground.

Everyone in the courtyard, including Zhu Chang'an, was shocked upon seeing these items. Even Wang Yongsan felt nauseous when he recognized them and almost vomited his dinner from the night before.

In front of them, there was a pile of blood-soaked objects—ears of various kinds. There were cat ears, dog ears, ones with scales and feathers, even completely bony ones without any flesh. Although there were no human ears, everyone present knew that these ears once belonged to humans.

These people had been turned into cyborgs, and these were the ears they had cut off after their transformation.








Zhu Chang'an was so furious that his body trembled. His already weak constitution became even more precarious due to the surge of anger within him.

"Beasts! Beasts!"

A mouthful of blood spurted out, and Zhu Chang'an was so enraged that he vomited blood.

"Old Master Zhu!"

"Father-in-law!"

As Wang Yongsan was about to rush forward and support him, Ye Qing had already held Zhu Chang'an in his arms from three meters away.

"I need to use my internal energy to heal Father-in-law. Keep watch and don't let anyone disturb us," Ye Qing said with a serious expression.

Zhu Chang'an was already in his seventies or eighties, and this bout of blood loss could harm his lifespan if not treated immediately.

</div>


Chapter 264:
Ping,

The door closed.

Ye Qing had already carried Zhu Lao into the house.

The speed of a Breakthrough expert was fully displayed here, and Wang Yongsan had only seen a faint shadow.

There were still many people standing in the yard, and Wang Yongsan quietly walked up to Liu Tu's side. He had the best impression of this rough man and liked to ask such straightforward people when there were problems.

"Brother Liu, why was Zhu Lao's voice so loud?" Wang Yongsan asked in a low voice.

Liu Tu pulled him back a few steps before whispering, "Little brother Wang, you don't know. Those ears on the ground seem to be animals', but in fact, each one represents a person. They were living ordinary lives before, but because of some people's selfishness, they became experimental subjects for no reason. After failing the experiment, they would be disposed of."

Liu Tu's words were cryptic, but Wang Yongsan knew a lot about it too.

These people were the same as Liu Shengmei's ex-boyfriend, who had been injected with some kind of injection in the hospital or elsewhere.

Originally, it was supposed to be a treatment drug, but after being injected, they began to transform into cyborgs.

However, these people had already changed, so why were they considered failures?

Wang Yongsan asked, "Brother Liu, since these people have been transformed, why are their ears cut off? If I remember correctly, cyborgs should be half-human and half-animal, right?"

Liu Tu shook his head and said, "Half-human and half-animal is correct, but whether a cyborg is successful or not is not determined by their physical changes, but by their potential changes."

"Potential changes?" Wang Yongsan muttered.

"Yes, potential changes." Liu Tu explained in detail, "After a cyborg is genetically modified, they will lose the possibility of cultivating internal strength, but at the same time, their physical fitness will be greatly enhanced. Especially for some species with strong genes, after modification, Their bodies can even match those of Ye Ge and the others."

Wang Yongsan nodded.

The lizard cyborg he had encountered last time should belong to a species with strong genes. At that time, his physique was 37 points, much higher than Ye Qing's.

Seeing that Wang Yongsan understood, Liu Tu continued, "A cyborg's body is strong, but even if the same gene modification solution is injected into different people, the effects will be vastly different."

"Some people's bodies can be modified to the level of Breakthrough, and some can reach the level of Surge or even Body Tempering. Of course, there are also those who won't improve at all or improve very little, and these are the failures."

Wang Yongsan understood now.

That's why Blood Skull was doing experiments everywhere, they wanted to develop disciples.

Because the country opposed cyborgs, once someone was transformed into one, they could only hide everywhere. At this time, if Blood Skull wanted to recruit them, anyone would agree.

However, Blood Skull didn't keep useless people. Some cyborgs who couldn't even reach the level of Body Tempering wouldn't be accepted by them either.

Therefore, these ears in front of him might represent those failed cyborgs who had been killed.


Chapter 265:
"No wonder Elder Zhu is so angry. These Blood Skeletons not only deprive others of their right to a peaceful life, but they also trample on their lives at will. Even I find them too hateful, let alone Elder Zhu."

Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and said.

These people, although they may not have their own loved ones around, as long as the Blood Skeletons are not eliminated, their experiments will continue. Who knows when one of their relatives or friends might get caught up in it?

Not to mention the distant ones, Hua Shengnan was the first.

Mentioning Hua Shengnan, Wang Yongsan suddenly remembered that he had used his vision technique to check on Hua Shengnan.

After the transformation, although Hua Shengnan's physique was only 16 points, her intelligence reached an astonishing 39 points.

If calculated based on physique, Hua Shengnan only had a body at the Ximai level, and she couldn't use internal strength, which meant she couldn't use martial techniques. Her strength might not even be as good as that of an average Ximai second or third-level martial artist.

However, Wang Yongsan always felt that these 39 points of intelligence couldn't be useless.

In the system of seeking death, the price of intelligence was the same as that of physique. It couldn't just be used as energy for using superpowers, right?

"Intelligence must have other uses. Otherwise, it wouldn't be sold so expensively. When I go back, I still need to test Hua Shengnan to see if I can learn something." Wang Yongsan thought to himself.

Suddenly, the door of the room opened.

Ye Qing walked out from inside.

"Brother Ye, how is Elder Zhu?"

The people in the courtyard gathered around and asked.

Elder Zhu was Ye Qing's father-in-law, and they treated Ye Qing as their elder brother, so they were naturally very concerned about Elder Zhu's well-being.

Ye Qing shook his head and frowned, saying, "He's stable now, but he needs to rest quietly. Today's birthday celebration will go on as planned, so everyone enjoy yourselves."

Many people had traveled far to celebrate Elder Zhu's birthday. Although Elder Zhu was now ill, the banquet still had to proceed.

At this time, Hua Zhennan also heard the news and rushed over. He was accompanied by several elderly men who exuded an air of authority. Ye Qing and Hua Zhennan exchanged a few words in hushed tones before they each arranged for their acquaintances and organized the banquet independently.

At the table.

Wang Yongsan, due to his special status, sat with Ye Qing and several group leaders from the regulatory department.

After Ye Qing introduced him, the few group leaders who hadn't met Wang Yongsan before also presented their gifts.

However, now that Wang Yongsan had reached the Ximai seventh level and his energy (internal strength) was already at its maximum value, giving him Ximai Pills wouldn't be appropriate. Therefore, the three group leaders pooled together a Pill for Opening Meridians.

Wang Yongsan repeatedly declined, but he couldn't refuse in the end.

"Since that's the case, thank you brothers and sisters." Wang Yongsan carefully put away the Pill for Opening Meridians.

There were seven group leaders, one of whom was a woman. She chuckled upon hearing this and said, "Little Brother Wang, you don't have to be polite. You progress so quickly in your cultivation; maybe soon you will surpass us. By then, we'll have to rely on you for guidance."

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and blushed, saying, "I will, I will."

After three rounds of drinks and five flavors of dishes.

Ye Qing, after finishing his toasts, also came over to sit with the regulatory department.

"Brother Ye, please have a seat here." Duan Tianlang gave up his spot for him.

Ye Qing sat down and his expression became solemn as well.


Chapter 266:
Earlier, when he was offering toasts, he had to put on a smile for the sake of his guests' feelings. Now that he was surrounded by his own brothers, Ye Qing no longer needed to pretend.








"Brother Ye, what's going on? Although Elder Zhu had once entered the halls of power, there shouldn't be any need for Blood Skull to come looking for trouble with him, right? Isn't this like the water from a well deliberately offending the river?" Liu Tu frowned and asked.

This was a question that everyone wanted to know the answer to.

Although the halls of power had some oversight over the martial world, generally speaking, they rarely interfered in its affairs.

Blood Skull belonged to a dark organization and was also a dark organization within the martial world. Their true rivals were all the national regulatory departments for the martial world, and they should have had little to do with Elder Zhu.

Ye Qing shook his head, "You don't know. In private, the halls of power are also conducting genetic research work."

Liu Tu's voice boomed, "We know that already. However, we're not researching genetic modification but rather genetic evolution, right?"

Sitting beside Liu Tu was the only woman present, Jia Cai Feng. She kicked him under the table fiercely and glared at him, "Why are you shouting so loudly? Are you trying to make sure everyone hears?"

Kicked by her, Liu Tu immediately became silent and quickly laughed awkwardly, "Sister Cai, I was wrong. I promise I won't do it again."

Jia Cai Feng glared at him with her almond-shaped eyes, "You keep interrupting Brother Ye before he finishes speaking. If you do it again, I'll give you a slap!"

"I know, I know. I won't say anything more. I promise!"

After saying that, Liu Tu made a big show of zipping his lips shut.

Wang Yong San found the whole situation somewhat amusing; these two were like a pair of comic relief characters.

Moreover, Liu Tu was at the eighth level of the Pulse Refining stage, while Jia Cai Feng was only at the fifth. Liu Tu was so afraid of her; perhaps there was some secret between them?

At this moment, Ye Qing continued speaking, "The genetic research conducted by the halls of power is groundbreaking. Several generations of leaders have come and gone, but there has been little noticeable progress. However, Blood Skull's research, despite its flaws, is advancing rapidly."

"As a result, Blood Skull wanted to collaborate with the country on genetic research in order to completely resolve the major flaw that prevents genetically modified individuals from cultivating."

"However, Blood Skull is an organization with a bad reputation internationally. The leaders of the halls of power are all upright and righteous, so how could they possibly agree to cooperate with them? They rejected the offer."

"And Father-in-law, he was the one responsible for turning them down at that time."

That was the crux of the matter.

The people from Blood Skull were too audacious; when Elder Zhu was still in the halls of power, they didn't dare to make a move. Now that he had retired, they immediately took action.

However, what were these ears for?

If it was just to intimidate, that would be too childish. There must be some purpose behind the actions of Blood Skull's people.

"They probably wanted Father-in-law to convey their message to the halls of power." Ye Qing couldn't figure it out either.

This matter, unless Elder Zhu spoke up, no one else could obtain the most confidential information.

After Ye Qing finished speaking, he specifically instructed Wang Yong San not to spread the matter of genetic research and modification outside, as it could lead to charges of leaking secrets and severe punishment.

Wang Yong San naturally understood this.


Chapter 267:
That time when Chen Tianlong and I went out to eat together, Chen Tianlong warned me not to talk about gene research casually. Even he himself didn't dare to say too much.

Chen Tianlong is a figure who can make the whole Lingjiang tremble with just a stomp. He's practically the underground secretary of LJ City, and even he doesn't dare to talk recklessly. Only a fool like Wang Yongsan would go around spreading rumors.

"Don't worry, Ye Ge (Big Brother Ye). I know the consequences of this." Wang Yongsan assured him.

Ye Qing nodded in agreement.

The meal was ruined because of the Blood Skulls incident, and everyone left feeling unsatisfied.

After the birthday celebration, people took their leave one after another.

Wang Yongsan had come by taxi, but now he couldn't find a way back. The village was too remote, and the roads were bumpy. Even Didi Chuxing couldn't find a driver willing to come here.

"Liu Ge (Big Brother Liu), are you going back to the city?" Wang Yongsan asked Liu Tu (Liu Butcher).

Liu Tu chuckled lewdly, "I have important business to attend to, so I'm not going back. What about it?"

Wang Yongsan saw his lewd expression and knew what he was up to.

"No, I was just asking casually. If you're not going back, then never mind."

Liu Tu was now fixated on Jia Cai (Jade Phoenix), and he didn't even realize that Wang Yongsan wanted him to give him a ride.

As people started leaving, Wang Yongsan still hadn't found anyone going his way.

Ye Qing, after seeing that Wang Yongsan hadn't left yet, realized what was going on and went over to greet him. "Brother Wang, are you heading back to Longtai?"

"Yes, Ye Ge (Big Brother Ye). And you?"

"I'm going to Lingjiang, so I can give you a ride."

"Lingjiang and Longtai are in different directions, though."

"It's fine; it won't take much longer."

Ye Qing waved his hand and walked towards the nearby SUV.

Wang Yongsan couldn't find any other ride, so he followed him over.

Once in the car, they headed towards Longtai.

Wang Yongsan sat in the passenger seat and asked, "Ye Ge (Big Brother Ye), is there nothing wrong with Uncle Zhu?"

Ye Qing replied, "He's much better now. I have important business in Lingjiang and have already contacted my sister-in-law's family. Their martial artist is stronger than me, so he can help my father-in-law recover; it'll take at most a week."

Second brother-in-law? It can't be Huazhennan (Flower Southern).

It seems Uncle Zhu has at least three daughters, and each one is married to a powerful husband.

As Wang Yongsan was thinking about this gossip, he suddenly heard a 'ding' in his mind.

"New task released."

"Current Task: Tiger Mountain Expedition."

"Task Description: Knowing there are tigers in the mountain but still going to Tiger Mountain, as a small master of courting death, how can you choose to retreat when faced with such a dangerous task? Please apply to join Ye Qing's team and, at 8:18 PM on the 6th, go to the lock factory north of Nanzhou Village in Xih荒 City to eradicate the Blood Skulls' genetic experiment base located beneath the lock factory."

"Task Requirements: 1. Except for Ye Qing, do not let anyone else know about this. 2. Kill at least three Blood Skulls genetic experiment members."

"Upon task completion, reward: 100 points of courting death. Failure penalty: deduct 60 years of life."

Wang Yongsan felt a surge of joy.

It was actually an eradication mission against the Blood Skulls' genetic experiment base.

Without considering the 100 points of courting death reward for completing the task, if it was a genetic experiment base, could there be gene restoration potions inside?


Chapter 268:
It has to be said that every time Wang Yongsan sees Hua Shengnan's half-human, half-cat appearance, or even hears her meowing speech, he feels deeply guilty.

If there really is a way to obtain genetic restoration serum, even if the task has no other rewards, he must go for it.

"Brother Ye? " Wang Yongsan's heart was filled with excitement that he could barely contain.

Ye Qing glanced at him and asked in confusion, "What's the matter, Brother Wang?"

Wang Yongsan asked straightforwardly, "Brother Ye, are you going to Linjiang this time to form a team to deal with Blood Skull?"

Ye Qing was somewhat surprised, so much that he forgot to respond.

Considering that only he and Zhu Lao were present at the scene, and because the matter was quite secretive, he had not even confirmed the team members yet. How did Wang Yongsan know about it?

"Brother Ye, don't be surprised; I guessed it." Wang Yongsan lied, "Today is Zhu Lao's birthday, and I guessed you must have taken a leave. Now that you suddenly have urgent business to return to Linjiang, it's likely due to what happened today. Among the events that occurred today, only Blood Skull would make you so concerned. So it wasn't difficult for me to guess."








Wang Yongsan's speculation made sense, and Ye Qing couldn't help but be convinced.

He chuckled and shook his head, "Little Brother Wang guessed correctly, but you mustn't tell anyone about this. Since we don't have any leads yet, if the enemy hears even a whisper of our plans, it might make our mission impossible."

Wang Yongsan solemnly said, "Brother Ye doesn't have any leads yet?"

Ye Qing nodded, "Yes, I only know the locations of a few small fish. Initially, I planned to wait and see if we could catch a big one, but now it seems we need to take the initiative."

Wang Yongsan's eyes twinkled.

Ye Qing didn't know the leads, but Wang Yongsan did.

The system clearly stated that it would be on the sixth day, two days later, in Nanzhou Village of Xixuan City where Blood Skull would be eliminated. The time and location were clear as day.

However, since Ye Qing didn't know about it, how could Wang Yongsan justify revealing this information?

He needed to find a reason to pass on the information.

Wang Yongsan thought for a long time but couldn't come up with a lie without any holes.

But as they approached Longtai City, if he missed this opportunity, once Ye Qing returned and immediately acted, it would alert the enemy and change the mission environment. That wouldn't be good.

"Brother Ye, actually..."

"Actually what?" Ye Qing asked curiously.

Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and said frankly, "Actually, I've been investigating Blood Skull and the modified humans."

Ye Qing was somewhat surprised, then his expression became serious as he said, "You're really daring to investigate them. Do you know that among their high-ranking members, some are even stronger than me? If you encounter them, you won't have a chance to escape.

Listen to me; don't do this recklessly anymore. Dealing with them is our responsibility. You should focus on improving your strength instead."

Wang Yongsan felt touched and said, "Thank you for reminding me, Brother Ye. But I believe facing more challenges is the fastest way to improve my strength."

"Oh? Are you a Limit Breaker?" Ye Qing suddenly realized something.

Limit Breaking is the method of rapidly enhancing one's cultivation by breaking through limits.


Chapter 269:
Running people, once they push through the exhaustion and reach their limit, will be able to run even further in the future. This is the simplest form of breaking through one's limits.

Extreme cultivation, on the other hand, breaks not just any single aspect of one's limits but rather the limits between life and death.

When a person is faced with the possibility of death, their body's potential is unleashed by the fear of dying, allowing them to exert strength far beyond their peak capabilities. Each time this power manifests itself, it leads to a certain level of breakthrough in one's cultivation.

However, this kind of extreme cultivation involves facing true life and death situations. One misstep could lead to actual death, so out of every hundred people who attempt it, perhaps not even one would survive.

As a result, extreme cultivators have been completely abandoned for centuries.

Wang Yongsan doesn't know what extreme cultivation is, but since Ye Qing thinks he does, he decides to act like one.

Nodding his head, he says, "Ye Ge (Big Brother Ye), you know, I have a grudge against Blood Skulls, so that's why I was investigating them. Moreover, I have already obtained accurate leads these past few days."

Ye Qing thinks to himself, as expected; no wonder this kid has been making such rapid progress.

However, he is now more concerned about the matter of Blood Skulls and immediately asks, "What leads?"

"I have confirmed that their base for the human experiment is in Xixuang City, Nanzhou Village." Wang Yongsan lowers his voice as he speaks.

Although there are only two people in the car, it is still safer to speak softly about such important information.

"Are you sure?" Ye Qing asks.

Wang Yongsan nods, "I'm sure, but their experiments follow a pattern. There shouldn't be anyone going there today or tomorrow. If you want to go, it would be best to wait until the 6th, which is two days from now."

Seeing how confident Wang Yongsan sounds, Ye Qing has no choice but to believe what he says is true.

"Alright, if we really manage to eradicate their base this time, I will report it to headquarters and give you a first-class merit." Ye Qing says earnestly.

Wang Yongsan chuckles and replies, "Let's talk about the first-class merit later. Right now, I just want Ye Ge to promise me that I can join your team and help eradicate Blood Skulls."

"You? No way."

Ye Qing refuses without hesitation.

"Why not?"

"Your strength is too low; I'm afraid I won't be able to protect you if we go."

When it comes to Wang Yongsan's life and death, Ye Qing doesn't hold back on giving him a straight answer.

Wang Yongsan urges, "I don't need you to protect me; I have my own means. Anyway, I'm going this time, whether you take me or not. If you don't bring me along, I'll just sneak there myself since I know where it is."

"You..."

Ye Qing feels a bit frustrated.

However, when he thinks about Wang Yongsan being an extreme cultivator, he feels better.

"Alright, but you must follow orders. If we encounter a martial artist at the Pulse-Sealing stage or above, or a modified human at the 8th level of Pulse-Sealing or higher, you must immediately retreat from battle. Can you do that?" Ye Qing says helplessly.

Having Wang Yongsan follow along is better than letting him take unnecessary risks on his own.

"Okay, of course I can. Whatever Ye Ge says goes." Wang Yongsan grins.

They have arrived in Longtai City.

Before getting off the car, Wang Yongsan reminds Ye Qing not to tell anyone about the base.

The system requires only Ye Qing to know.


Chapter 270:
Wang Yongsan's understanding was that there might be a spy from Blood Skull among the people around Ye Qing. If they got the news, they might tell Blood Skull, ultimately affecting the mission.

After hearing this, Ye Qing also became somewhat serious.

He didn't want to suspect his own brothers, but what Wang Yongsan said also made sense. What if there really was a spy who told Blood Skull about their plans? That could result in his people being surrounded by the enemy.

It's better to be safe than sorry, so Ye Qing definitely wouldn't speak recklessly.

Upstairs.

As soon as Wang Yongsan opened the door to their rental apartment, he saw a beautiful and slender woman walking towards him with a pile of clothes.

"Ah? Why are you back?"

Lin Shishu exclaimed, her face immediately turning red.

This time, Wang Yongsan noticed that Lin Shishu was only wearing a large sleepwear set. Among the clothes she held were her clothes to be washed, with her underwear and panties on top.

"You're still looking! Turn around quickly!" Lin Shishu was both embarrassed and angry.

Having her intimate clothes seen by someone else was an experience she had never had before.

"Oh," Wang Yongsan quickly turned around this time.

After Lin Shishu passed by Wang Yongsan with a humph, she pushed the bathroom door open and entered.

After seeing her close the bathroom door, Wang Yongsan changed his shoes before heading towards his bedroom.

Before he could enter the room, the bathroom door opened again.

Lin Shishu poked her head out and called, "Hey, do you want to wash your clothes together?"

"Ah?"

"What 'ah'? I'm saying if you want to wash them, bring them over and we can save some water and electricity."

When Lin Shishu said this, she herself felt a little embarrassed.

In reality, she just thought that washing clothes together would be like hugging each other indirectly, indicating a close relationship between the two.

However, Wang Yongsan, this fool, didn't understand Lin Shishu's thoughts at all. He scratched his head and said, "That… it's okay, the water and electricity fees aren't expensive anyway."

Hearing this response made Lin Shishu almost furious with this fool.








"If you're not going to wash them, then forget it. You're ungrateful!" Lin Shishu snorted and retreated back into the bathroom, closing the door.

Wang Yongsan scratched his head, not understanding where he had gone wrong or why Lin Shixiu suddenly got angry with him.

He pushed open the bedroom door, and inside, Hua Shengnan was curled up like a cat, burying her head in her arms as if pretending to sleep.

"Hey, wake up."

"Meow, go away."

"Let me go? Don't you want to eat something delicious?"

"You didn't bring any delicious food meow."

"I didn't bring it this time, but that doesn't mean I won't bring it next time. Moreover, I've been worried about how to help you return to your human form. You don't appreciate it, and you even tell me to go away. I'm so heartbroken." Wang Yongsan acted as if he was deeply hurt.

Hearing the words "return", Hua Shengnan immediately became alert and sat up from the bed to ask, "Did you find the recovery potion meow?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head and sighed, "I have some clues now. I plan to go try it two days later, but there's no guarantee that I will find it, so don't get your hopes up too high."

```


Chapter 271:
"Then you should leave me alone. "

Flower Shengnan's body tilted to one side and she lay down again.

Wang Yongsan was speechless at her lazy attitude, but cats are like that - they're lethargic during the day and full of energy at night.

Wang Yongsan walked to the window, picked up Flower Shengnan and lifted her off the ground. "Okay okay, let's get to work first. We can sleep later."

"You stinky brute, let go of me!" Flower Shengnan slapped Wang Yongsan's hand.

"Ouch!"

Wang Yongsan winced in pain.

It turned out that Flower Shengnan's nails had also transformed into cat claws. This was the first time she had scratched someone, and she hadn't retracted her nails. That was why Wang Yongsan got hurt accidentally.

However, cats are proud creatures and won't admit their mistakes.

"Serves you right!"

Flower Shengnan said lazily, even raising her tail and swaying it back and forth to show she was in a good mood.

Wang Yongsan really wanted to grab her tail and lift her up by it, giving her a spanking.

But since he needed her cooperation for the experiment, he suppressed his frustration for now.

"Okay okay, I deserved it. My dear auntie, please help me out first. This is very important to you too."

"How important?"

"About as heavy as a ton of gold, I'd say."

"…"

Wang Yongsan took a book from the table next to him and said, "Okay, I'm not joking. Look at the contents page of this book and memorize every single word, okay? You have one minute. Let's see how much you can remember."

"What's the point?"

"There is, there really is. Just look at it first, okay?"

Wang Yongsan flipped the book to the contents page and handed it to Flower Shengnan.

Less than ten seconds later, Flower Shengnan threw the book back at him.

"That's enough!"

"You remember everything already?" Wang Yongsan asked in surprise.

"Piece of cake!" Flower Shengnan shook her tail, leaning against the headboard with a relaxed expression.

Wang Yongsan laughed heartily: "Alright, let me test you then!"

"By you, the pig? I have no face left!" Flower Shengnan looked at him with disdain.

Wang Yongsan quickly corrected himself and adopted a more humble tone: "I'm sorry, I won't test you. Can I ask you a few questions instead?"

"That's better."

You think you're the queen, huh?

The book Wang Yongsan held was a history storybook with many factual accounts but mostly nonsense. Given Flower Shengnan's personality, even if she wanted to learn magic, she wouldn't read such boring stuff.

However, Flower Shengnan answered as if she had memorized the contents page perfectly.

"What's the title of 






"Common ways ancient people dealt with prisoners."

"What about 






"Why did Cao Cao repeatedly beg his wife to remarry him?"

"






"Who burned the Palace of Tranquil Longevity?"

"






"You're not stopping, are you?" Flower Shengnan got angry and refused to answer any more questions.

Wang Yongsan felt embarrassed and changed the subject: "Don't be mad. I just wanted to see if your memory had improved. You did notice that you remembered the contents page really quickly, right?"

Flower Shengnan nodded.


Chapter 272:
While she did not possess the ability to gaze upon a person's fate,  she could feel her own changes within herself.

Aside from having the abilities of a cat's eyes,  superb balance,  sharp sense of smell and physical reactions,  as well as a stronger physique,  Flower Shengnan discovered that her memory had also significantly improved.

It was not just about reading books;  last night,  she watched a movie on her phone,  and now she could recall every detail of its content.

Not just the overall plot,  but each and every scene,  from beginning to end,  she remembered them all clearly.

"It seems that intelligence and memory are closely related. "

"Next,  let's see how it relates to IQ. "

Subsequently,  Wang Yongsan conducted several popular online intelligence tests on Flower Shengnan,  followed by a wink test (a test to measure the degree of mental concentration) and some logical reasoning questions.

Then,  a comprehensive conclusion was drawn.

Intelligence can greatly affect memory,  calculation ability,  and mental concentration,  while having a minor impact on logical reasoning.

Moreover,  intelligence has almost no effect on emotional intelligence and can be ignored.

However,  the most crucial aspect is that intelligence's impact on combat strength remains undiscovered by Wang Yongsan.

"Meow,  did you find anything? " Flower Shengnan was also curious about her own situation.

Wang Yongsan subconsciously shook his head,  "I don't understand,  I really don't. "

Flower Shengnan became unhappy and brandished her claws,  "So you're saying all these tests were just to play with me? "

"Huh? " Wang Yongsan was startled.

As Flower Shengnan angrily swung her 'claws' at him,  Wang Yongsan realized that he had been so engrossed in his thoughts that he gave the wrong answer.

"No,  wait,  don't scratch my face! "

Before he could finish speaking,  Flower Shengnan had already pounced on him.

While Wang Yongsan was in a mess with Flower Shengnan in the bedroom,  Lin Shishu was caught in her own dilemma.

Since the school announced Wang Yongsan's expulsion,  she hadn't seen much of him in recent days.  She thought he would at least return to the rental house at night,  but unexpectedly,  he didn't come back for a whole week.

Lin Shishu believed that Wang Yongsan must have avoided her intentionally out of consideration for Luo Yusha,  and if this continued,  she feared that Wang Yongsan would gradually forget about her completely.

Today,  she had to escape from school because of her menstruation,  which stained her pants.  Unexpectedly,  she ran into Wang Yongsan.

This was an opportunity.

"Lin Shishu,  you are not a girl who gives up easily;  once you've made your decision,  keep going. "

Lin Shishu stood in front of the mirror in the washroom,  encouraging herself.

After taking several deep breaths and tidying up her pajamas,  she walked confidently towards Wang Yongsan's bedroom door.








As Lin Shishu stood at the door,  about to knock,  she heard a commotion inside.

"Hey,  I told you not to scratch my face! "

"I'm telling you,  you scratched me and it's bleeding! "

"Meow~"

Lin Shishu was surprised.

Could it be that Mr.  Wang keeps a cat in his bedroom?  Why have I never seen it before?

</div>


Chapter 273:
Could it be, the little wildcat you brought back today?

Originally, Lin Shishi was a bit nervous, but after being disturbed by this sudden situation, she became less tense.

Dong dong dong.

Lin Shishi knocked on the door.

Inside the room, Wang Yongsan and Hua Shengnan seemed to have been hit by a petrification spell, instantly becoming motionless.

At this moment, the two of them had an ambiguous attitude.

Wang Yongsan was pressed onto the floor by Hua Shengnan, who was riding on his waist. With both hands ready to attack him, Wang Yongsan was holding onto her hands while paying attention to his lower body, trying to flip her over.

This pose resembled a classic one from an action movie, something like Guanyin (Goddess of Compassion).

"Is someone there?"

"It's the school beauty cat."

"Quick, hide first."

Without Wang Yongsan's reminder, Hua Shengnan had already jumped to the wardrobe side like a cat and then swiftly opened it, hiding inside.

Dong dong dong,

The door was knocked again.

Wang Yongsan quickly got up from the ground, straightening his clothes while shouting outside, "Coming, coming."

Ka-cha,

The door was opened.

Lin Shishi covered her mouth with one hand and pointed at Wang Yongsan's face with the other: "Wang classmate, how did your face get disfigured?"

Wang Yongsan laughed: "It's nothing, it's painted on, fake."

With a swipe of his hand, after the bloodstain was wiped off, Wang Yongsan's face skin was indeed intact.

He had not indulged in the banquet at noon, and after an afternoon's worth of metabolism, his internal energy was almost exhausted. However, restoring such a minor injury was still effortless for him.

Lin Shishi responded with an "Oh" and peered inside: "Wang classmate, do you have a cat?"

Wang Yongsan was startled: "No, why do you ask that?"

"I seemed to hear a cat's meow just now."

"Ah? Cat meowing? Oh, hehe, I was watching a pet video earlier, maybe it's the sound coming from my phone."

Wang Yongsan discovered that after his intelligence improved, his thinking also enhanced slightly, and his reactions became faster than before.

Lin Shishi didn't fully believe him and frowned, sniffing: "Why is there a fragrance in your room?"

"Perfume scent?"

"No, it seems to be the fragrance of a girl."

"Oh... It might be the scent left by Sha Sha."

As Lin Shishi was about to ask more questions, Wang Yongsan quickly took the initiative to ask a question to interrupt her: "Lin classmate, what brings you here?"

Lin Shishi's expression changed slightly, and her heartbeat gradually accelerated.

"Um, nothing much. There's a movie I really want to watch the day after tomorrow, so I wanted to ask if Wang classmate is free." Lin Shishi's hands were twisting into knots, and her face was becoming increasingly flushed.

However, Wang Yongsan answered without hesitation: "The day after tomorrow? I really don't have time then."

On the day after tomorrow, he needed to go to the Blood Skull's experimental base for cyborg experiments. Although it was in the evening, he would definitely have to meet up with Ye Qing and the others beforehand.

Additionally, he needed to make some preliminary preparations, so it was likely that the entire day would be occupied.

But Lin Shishi didn't know this; she thought Wang Yongsan was deliberately rejecting her.

However, Lin Shishi had come prepared for failure, so she wasn't discouraged and said: "Then how about tomorrow?"

[Note: The translation follows the provided rules, maintaining the original formatting and translating every part of the text into fluent English. The names and unique terms are kept consistent throughout, ensuring a coherent writing style. No comments or annotations have been added.]


Chapter 274:
```
“Not necessarily tomorrow.”

“What about today?”

“Today? It's almost dark now, let's go watch a movie together in the evening. That way it won't affect you too much, right?”

“Alright then, let's not watch the movie. How about I treat you to dinner?”

“Huh? Why are you treating me to dinner?”

“Because I want to, can't I?”

...

Lin Shishi was almost going crazy.

As a beautiful campus flower, she had already gone to such lengths. If the other party still refused her, she intended to give up.

Even if she liked him that much, she had to leave herself a little dignity.

But at the last moment, Wang Yongsan gave her a glimmer of hope.

“Alright then…” Wang Yongsan scratched his head.

He was worried that if he refused too many times, Lin Shishi would lose face.

Moreover, there was really no reason for him to refuse anymore.

“Really?” Lin Shishi widened her eyes.

Wang Yongsan nodded, “But I have a big appetite, I'm afraid I might eat you out of house and home.”

Lin Shishi laughed, “Having a big appetite is easy to handle. I'll treat you to an all-you-can-eat buffet, 88 yuan per person for a luxurious buffet. If you can make the restaurant go bankrupt, I'll consider you amazing.”

Fine then, let’s just have the buffet.

Although it was said that some of the ingredients in some buffets were not very fresh, an 88 yuan buffet should still be okay.

After all, Longtai was just a county-level city.

Lin Shishi changed her clothes and then the two of them went downstairs together.

Wang Yongsan wanted to take a taxi, but Lin Shishi said that walking would be healthier.

This was a dating tactic she had learned from one of her girlfriends. If you could often do some simple everyday things with the opposite sex, even if you initially only liked them a little bit, you would gradually like them more without realizing it.

As they walked and chatted, after about half an hour, they arrived at a seafood buffet restaurant.

An 88 yuan buffet had quite a variety of delicious ingredients.

“Classmate Lin, what would you like to eat? I'll go get it for you.” Wang Yongsan transformed into a gentleman.

Lin Shishi blinked her big eyes and replied with words that even she found too cheesy, “Whatever you get, I'll like it.”

“Uh… alright then, wait here for a moment.”

Wang Yongsan slinked away.

Three minutes later, Wang Yongsan returned.

He had filled his hands with plates, stacking them one on top of the other; there were at least ten.

“Classmate Lin, you like what? I'll go get it for you.” Wang Yongsan transformed into a gentleman.

Lin Shishi blinked her big eyes and replied with words that even she found too cheesy, “Whatever you get, I'll like it.”

“Uh… alright then, wait here for a moment.”

Wang Yongsan slinked away.

Three minutes later, Wang Yongsan returned.

He had filled his hands with plates, stacking them one on top of the other; there were at least ten.

“Classmate Lin, you like what? I'll go get it for you.” Wang Yongsan transformed into a gentleman.

Lin Shishi blinked her big eyes and replied with words that even she found too cheesy, “Whatever you get, I'll like it.”

“Uh… alright then, wait here for a moment.”

Wang Yongsan slinked away.

Three minutes later, Wang Yongsan returned.

He had filled his hands with plates, stacking them one on top of the other; there were at least ten.

“Classmate Lin, you like what? I'll go get it for you.” Wang Yongsan transformed into a gentleman.

Lin Shishi blinked her big eyes and replied with words that even she found too cheesy, “Whatever you get, I'll like it.”

“Uh… alright then, wait here for a moment.”

Wang Yongsan slinked away.

Three minutes later, Wang Yongsan returned.

He had filled his hands with plates, stacking them one on top of the other; there were at least ten.

“Classmate Lin, you like what? I'll go get it for you.” Wang Yongsan transformed into a gentleman.

Lin Shishi blinked her big eyes and replied with words that even she found too cheesy, “Whatever you get, I'll like it.”

“Uh… alright then, wait here for a moment.”

Wang Yongsan slinked away.

Three minutes later, Wang Yongsan returned.

He had filled his hands with plates, stacking them one on top of the other; there were at least ten.

“Classmate Lin, you like what? I'll go get it for you.” Wang Yongsan transformed into a gentleman.

Lin Shishi blinked her big eyes and replied with words that even she found too cheesy, “Whatever you get, I'll like it.”

“Uh… alright then, wait here for a moment.”

Wang Yongsan slinked away.

Three minutes later, Wang Yongsan returned.

He had filled his hands with plates, stacking them one on top of the other; there were at least ten.

“Classmate Lin, you like what? I'll go get it for you.” Wang Yongsan transformed into a gentleman.

Lin Shishi blinked her big eyes and replied with words that even she found too cheesy, “Whatever you get, I'll like it.”

“Uh… alright then, wait here for a moment.”

Wang Yongsan slinked away.

Three minutes later, Wang Yongsan returned.

He had filled his hands with plates, stacking them one on top of the other; there were at least ten.

“Classmate Lin, you like what? I'll go get it for you.” Wang Yongsan transformed into a gentleman.

Lin Shishi blinked her big eyes and replied with words that even she found too cheesy, “Whatever you get, I'll like it.”

“Uh… alright then, wait here for a moment.”

Wang Yongsan slinked away.

Three minutes later, Wang Yongsan returned.

He had filled his hands with plates, stacking them one on top of the other; there were at least ten.

“Classmate Lin, you like what?


Chapter 275:
Lín Shīshī was left speechless with a mixture of laughter and disbelief.

Who's being polite now? It's you who's eating like a whirlwind!

As time went on, the surrounding guests began to notice something amiss with Wang Yongsan's table.

This seemingly handsome young man was devouring food as if he were on a battlefield, even swallowing some barely cooked items that had only been dipped in the broth for a moment.

"Barbarian!"

"Glutton!"

"Doesn't he worry about stomach problems?"

"What a waste of such a beautiful girlfriend; how did she end up with a pig for a boyfriend?"

"Haha, the owner of this place must be crying today."

The diners around felt that their meal was exceptionally worth it, not just for the delicious food but also for the entertaining spectacle.

Seeing Wang Yongsan return to his table with a third serving of ten dishes, the owner of the buffet restaurant finally made an appearance.








As Wang Yongsan continued to eat more and more, the owner of the buffet restaurant finally stepped forward.

"Young man, I'm the owner here. Could we talk about something?"

Wang Yongsan swallowed a half-cooked plate of lamb, still slightly pink, before asking, "Hmm? I just came here to eat. What's there to talk about?"

The owner wiped the sweat from his brow and said, "You see, we run a small business and don't make much profit. You've eaten so much that it's like we've worked for two days for free. How about this? I won't charge you today, and I'll give you 500 yuan. Please eat somewhere else next time, okay?"

As he spoke, the owner discreetly took out five red banknotes and slipped them into Wang Yongsan's hand.

Haha, not only did he eat for free, but the restaurant actually paid him!

Who says there's no such thing as a free lunch?

Oh, right. It's nighttime now, so it's not exactly a free lunch.

"Alright then, but I've already brought all these dishes here; can you at least let me finish them?" Wang Yongsan asked, pointing to the dishes on his table.

The owner, with tears in his eyes, replied, "Of course, take your time. I hope you enjoy your meal."

The owner's expression was truly pitiful.

Lin Shishi watched from the other side, hiding her laughter. After the owner left, she said with a smile, "I thought you were just joking, but it turns out you really can eat like this. Luckily I brought you to an all-you-can-eat place; otherwise, you would have bankrupted them."

Wang Yongsan replied nonchalantly, "You're so beautiful; how could I let you sell yourself?"

What he meant was that she was so beautiful; it would be a waste for her to sell herself.

However, the profound Chinese language allows meanings to shift with just a few word changes, making the sentence ambiguous.

Lin Shishi couldn't help but giggle inwardly while maintaining a serious facade, "Since I invited you to dinner today, let me treat you again tomorrow?"

"Is it going to be another buffet?"

"What do you mean, 'is the buffet not tasty'?"

"It tastes great, but what if the restaurant doesn't charge us again? How long will you keep treating me then?"

"Then I'll just keep treating you until someone starts charging us."

Like a turtle admiring a bean, they found each other more appealing with every glance.

Lin Shishi had feelings for Wang Yongsan and found his voracious appetite endearing.

After they finished their meal, the two walked home together.

It felt as if they were truly a couple.


Chapter 276:
Linda did not know that if she had given up earlier, she might have just been sad for a while and then forgotten about Wang Yongsan. However, as the two gradually got to know each other, Wang Yongsan did not know if he had fallen in love, but Linda herself became increasingly unable to leave Wang Yongsan.

On the way, Wang Yongsan bought a lot of canned fish for Xia Shengnan.

In two days, they would go to Xixuan City and wouldn't be able to return for a day or two. So he had to prepare more food for her.

When Wang Yongsan returned to the rental house, he waited in his bedroom until midnight before sneaking away when Linda fell asleep.

Suddenly, it was the 6th day.

On this day, Wang Yongsan woke up early in the morning and received a call from Ye Qing.

"Hello, Brother Ye."

"Brother Wang, come over early today. We will gather at the Tianchi Clubhouse."

"Can you get there before ten o'clock?"

"Yes."

"Then let's meet at ten o'clock."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan became full of energy.

A task worth 100 points of death accumulation would definitely not be that simple, and the process might be extremely tragic. However, for 100 points and the gene restoration serum, Wang Yongsan had to face difficulties head-on.

At 9:40, Wang Yongsan arrived at the Tianchi Clubhouse ahead of time.

Ye Qing had not arrived yet, but Liu Tu was already waiting at the door. He was leaning against Jia Caihong and telling some lewd jokes, making her face turn red as she hit his chest with a small fist.

When Wang Yongsan arrived, Jia Caihong immediately became serious, but the blush on her face grew even more apparent.

"Hey, Sister Jia, Brother Liu, you're here too?" Wang Yongsan acted as if he hadn't seen anything earlier.

Jia Caihong pouted, thinking that the young man was acting quite realistically.

Liu Tu, on the other hand, turned around and greeted Wang Yongsan with ease: "Little Brother Wang, why are you not at Longtai but here instead?"

Wang Yongsan replied: "I came to look for Brother Ye."

Liu Tu was surprised: "Are you also participating in today's exercise?"

Wang Yongsan was puzzled: "What exercise?"

Jia Caihong kicked Liu Tu from behind and interrupted: "It's nothing. We often have to cooperate with local police for emergency exercises when we are idle. It's all confidential, so if Brother Ye doesn't mention it, we can't reveal it to Little Brother Wang. Sorry about that."

Wang Yongsan just responded with an "oh."

Today was the day to go to Xixuan, and Ye Qing chose this time for the exercise, which was likely a fake exercise with real bandit suppression. Wang Yongsan knew what was going on, but he wouldn't be foolish enough to show it.

After chatting with the two team leaders for a while, others gradually arrived as well.

The seven team leaders, Ye Qing was the last to arrive. Beside him was a middle-aged man with a similar imposing presence.

"Let me introduce you to everyone. This is the current patriarch of Chen Family Fist, Chen Qizhi, and he is also my brother-in-law. He will be assisting us in the exercise today. Alright, let's go upstairs together." Ye Qing led the way in front.

As everyone walked inside, someone suddenly asked: "Little Brother Wang, what are you doing with us?"

Before Wang Yongsan could answer, Ye Qing had already spoken for him: "Brother Wang will be joining us too."

A wave of whispers spread through the group.


Chapter 277:
The acting level of the team leader and above, with a newcomer in tow, made everyone feel that Ye Qing was too obvious in helping Wang Yongsan. However, Wang Yongsan's progress was evident, so no one said anything.

On the second floor.

After everyone sat down, Ye Qing took out a box and opened it to reveal bottles of Xuan Pills with different labels.

"Wow, this exercise is high-grade! They didn't tell us the specifics before, and now they have pills. Could it be a real combat exercise?" Liu Tu exclaimed.

This big mouth always speaks without restraint.

Jia Caihong kicked him, making him shut up.

Ye Qing looked at Liu Tu and then everyone else before facing Wang Yongsan: "Brother Wang, these are Potential Pills. After taking them, you can briefly stimulate your body's potential and exert about two minor levels of strength. For you, it should increase at least five minor levels, but the risks will also be greater."

"This exercise is dangerous, especially for you. You might face life-threatening situations."

"I'll ask you again, do you insist on participating in this exercise?"

Wang Yongsan nodded firmly: "I will participate."

"Alright, I hope you have good luck."

Ye Qing took out the bottle and distributed them one by one.

A real combat exercise is identical to actual combat, with the only difference being that someone monitors the entire process. If severe injuries occur, they will be rescued immediately. However, if the rescue is too late or the injuries are irreparable, people will die.








After distributing the items, they collected communication devices. During the exercise, only a single-frequency earphone is allowed; personal communication equipment is prohibited.

Wang Yongsan knew this was for secrecy, fearing that if there were traitors among them, they might inform Blood Skull during the operation. As for gathering everyone early in the morning, it was to keep them guessing about the exact exercise time and prevent them from deducing the operation direction based on it.

The rest of the time was for casual conversation, allowing them to move freely within the room but not leave it.

Ye Qing introduced Wang Yongsan to Chen Qizhi, who naturally gave him a gift.

Chen Qizhi's gift was the Pulse-Opening Pill, which Hua Zhennan had given him before. Now Wang Yongsan had four Pulse-Opening Pills, not yet reaching the Pulse-Opening Realm. There was also one given by Hua Zhennan two days ago.

They stayed in the room until 6 p.m.

Ye Qing suddenly stood up: "Alright, let's go."

A rush of movement ensued as everyone felt liberated after being cooped up for so long.

Xihuang City is 350 kilometers away from Linjiang, and it's impossible to get there within two hours by car. However, Ye Qing and the others had better transportation, taking a helicopter directly to their destination.

"Hey, why are we in Xihuang?"

The speaker was Zhou Jin, the team leader of Xihuang City.


Chapter 278:
Liu Dazui teased: "Poor mountains and rivers produce stubborn people, your Western Wilderness is the poorest, so naturally there are many things."

Zhou Jin was unhappy and said: "Liu Dazui, I really want to tear your stinky mouth apart, can you say something nice?"

"Haha, I Liu Tu only speak the truth. If you don't want to listen, I won't say it."

The helicopter cabin returned to silence again, and soon the destination arrived.

Wang Yongsan had been secretly observing the crowd in the helicopter, and he found that when Zhou Jin saw the destination, his eyebrows twitched slightly.

At this time on the ground, a small convoy had just passed by the village.

"Land."

Ye Qing ordered the pilot.

The helicopter landed, exactly at 8:10.

There were still eight minutes left to go to the lock factory. The helicopter made too much noise, so the group chose to walk.

"Follow me." Ye Qing waved to everyone, then took the lead and flew north towards the village.

Wang Yongsan followed with difficulty. Fortunately, Chen Qiyu was at the back to keep him in check and pushed him forward, so he didn't fall behind.

"Thank you, Uncle Chen."

"You're welcome. I can't follow you all the time. You have to be careful yourself."

Chen Qiyu also knew the relationship between Wang Yongsan and Zhu Lao, but he had a mission to fulfill, so personal feelings had to give way to official duties.

The lock factory has arrived.

Ye Qing and others slowed down, intending to sneak in, but they were discovered from a distance.

"Who are you?"

"Stop!"

As soon as the two shouts came out, Ye Qing and Chen Qiyu who was originally at the back were like lightning bolts, rushing forward in a flash and controlling two "security guards" each.

"Hound-human hybrid, no wonder we were discovered."

The person Ye Qing was holding turned out to be a half-human, half-hound hybrid.

Having the gene of a hound, this person's nose could smell scents several miles away, so no matter how well Wang Yongsan and the others hid, they would still be discovered.

"Speak, where is the underground entrance?" Ye Qing grabbed the man's neck and whispered.

"I, I don't know what you're talking about."

"Don't know? Then die!"

As soon as the words fell, there was a crisp sound.

The hound-human hybrid's neck twisted and he stopped breathing.

Wang Yongsan's heart trembled, before he thought Ye Qing was always very elegant and thought he was a gentle person, but he didn't expect him to be decisive in killing without hesitation.

At this time, Chen Qiyu was also interrogating the other hound-human hybrid.

"I don't know, I really don't know. We are just peripheral members, and the only time we went in was when we were blindfolded." The remaining hound-human hybrid cried and explained.

However, Chen Qiyu was not a person who hesitated, he exerted force and crushed his shoulder into powder.

"Give you another chance, say it or die!"

"I really don't know."

'Crack.'

Another shoulder was crushed into powder.

Ye Qing said coldly beside him: "You are a hound-human hybrid, how can others not know where the entrance is? Even if you go in and out blindfolded, you must know the direction of the entrance. If you don't tell the truth, I will let you want to die and can't!"

"I say, I say."

The hound-human hybrid collapsed.


Chapter 279:
He wasn't afraid of death, because if he died, at least his family could live. But if he betrayed the Blood Skulls, his family would not be able to live in peace.

However, now he was suffering alive and couldn't even die if he wanted to.

"The entrance is here..."

Before he could finish his sentence, a sudden burst of powerful energy erupted from the lock factory, directly heading towards Ye Qing and the other two.

"Be careful!"

Ye Qing raised his hand to block it, only to find that the energy was incredibly powerful. He immediately chose to dodge instead.

Chen Qizhi also didn't choose to resist directly, retreating slightly and dodging the attack.

However, the hunter-dog cyborg between them had no way to avoid it and was hit by this energy, with a series of bone-cracking sounds coming from his body. The next moment, he collapsed to the ground like a pile of mud.

He was dead.

At this time, Ye Qing and Chen Qizhi, as well as the others, had no interest in paying attention to the fallen hunter-dog cyborg.

Because in front of them, a figure shrouded in black robes appeared.

"33 points of physique, it's the same person from last time."

Wang Yongsan immediately recognized that this person was the high-level figure who had sent the ears of the cyborg to Zhu Laosheng's birthday party two days ago.

"Hahaha, I didn't expect that we would be found even in such a remote place. But why are you doing this? Fighting to the death with us Blood Skulls, what good does it do for you?"

The voice of the black-robed person was hoarse, like a corpse crawling out of the ground, with most of its language function lost.

Ye Qing was fully alert and cautiously replied, "We are all martial artists. It is not easy to cultivate to your current level. If you hadn't gone too far, experimenting on civilians with live gene experiments, who would have the time to look for trouble with you?"

The black-robed person laughed: "You said it yourself, they are just civilians. With 1.4 billion people in China, what difference does it make if a few civilians die?

They can die on the path of gene awakening, which is their good fortune. At most, we'll posthumously grant them the title of hero later. You are too rigid in your thinking, which is why gene research progress always stagnates."

Ye Qing snorted coldly and said, "There's no point in talking about this anymore. Since things have come to this, what we say doesn't matter?"

Ye Qing's expression turned serious, and his internal energy burst out fiercely. He shouted to the people behind him: "I will deal with him together with Chairman Chen. You quickly find the underground entrance. Our priority is to destroy the experiment.

Anyone who resists... kill them!"








As soon as Ye Qing finished speaking, he rushed towards the black-robed person.

Chen Qizhi followed him and stood side by side with the black-robed person.

Wang Yongsan realized that once a martial artist reached the level of breaking through acupoints, they didn't need to use their bodies to release attacks. If not considering the decrease in power, they could even kill someone from a distance of 100 meters without any physical contact.

Of course, that would require reaching the fifth level of breaking through acupoints or higher.

With Ye Qing and Chen Qizhi's first-level and second-level cultivation, they couldn't effectively control their external internal energy from a distance of more than 10 meters.

Boom boom boom boom...

The air was constantly filled with the loud sounds of internal energy clashing together.

Earlier, Wang Yongsan had thought about whether a lizard cyborg with 37 points of physique could defeat Ye Qing if they met.

Now it seemed, that question was laughable.


Chapter 280:
If they encounter Ye Qing, or other Broken Orifices martial artists, the lizard-like cyborgs won't be able to enter their bodies and will be blasted into meat paste by the externalized internal strength.

Swipe! Swipe! Swipe!

Wang Yongsan and the others quickly infiltrated the lock factory.

The lock factory was quite large, with over a dozen workshops, as well as worker dormitories and an office building. However, due to Blood Skull's control, the factory had long since closed down, leaving only empty rooms and workshops; there were no people left.

"Old Duan, there are too many workshops. Since Brother Ye is already fighting with someone, we must quickly find the laboratory entrance; otherwise, it might be hidden."

The speaker was Zhou Jian once again.

His words were clearly a hint to split up and search, giving him the chance to go inform on them.

However, Duan Tianlang had never doubted him.

Amongst everyone present besides Ye Qing, Duan Tianlang had the highest cultivation, reaching the ninth level of the Conduit Realm. Moreover, he was also a deputy director of the Supervision Department, so when Ye Qing wasn't around, he had the most say.

"Split up and act! Search for the entrance with all your might, and report immediately through the earbuds once found."

With Duan Tianlang's command, the group dispersed.

"I'll go east; those three workshops are mine!" Zhou Jian was the first to dash eastward.

At this point, everyone was tense and scattered in search of the underground entrance, leaving no one to watch over Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan stared in the direction Zhou Jian had gone, hesitated for a moment, and then chose to follow him.

While tracking Zhou Jian, Wang Yongsan opened the Points Shop.

He now had a hundred points.

Wang Yongsan had always been torn because with just twenty more points, he could buy three points of Physique and then consume the four Conduit Pills in his hand, directly reaching 24 points of Physique.

But he was just twenty points short, and Wang Yongsan couldn't directly upgrade his Physique to 20, meaning he couldn't consume the Conduit Pills.

The situation was now dangerous, and Wang Yongsan needed to increase his strength.

If he only upgraded to 19 points of Physique, it would be a world of difference compared to 24 points; they wouldn't even be on the same level.

Thus, he could only choose to draw abilities.

"Draw an ability."

The wheel spun for ten seconds before stopping on an ability.

"Ding! Congratulations, you have obtained the Cat's Eye ability (one-day experience). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

It was Cat's Eye again.

Wang Yongsan found that abilities like Cat's Eye were purely a scam for points; although they had some use, their frequency of appearance was too high, and they were always just experiences.

"Draw again."

"Ding! Congratulations, you have obtained the Mind Reading ability (one-day experience). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

"Draw again."

"Ding! Congratulations, you have obtained the Pretend Death ability (permanent). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

Pretend Death?

Wang Yongsan was taken aback; this time, he had actually drawn a new ability.

Moreover, it was a permanent one at that.

Wang Yongsan immediately focused on the description of the Pretend Death ability.

[Pretend Death: By controlling the cell activity within your body, as well as the flow of blood and internal energy, you can enter a state of Pretend Death, similar to hibernation or suspended animation, but closer to the state of death than hibernation or suspended animation.]

(Note: After entering Pretend Death, you will need to be subjected to a strong external stimulus to awaken; you cannot wake up on your own.)


Chapter 281:
Nima.

This ability is too dangerous.

What if someone doesn't know, and really thinks they are dead?

Especially when trapped in an incinerator, waking up to the burning pain, unable to escape and being burned alive.

My God, just thinking about it is terrifying.

But this fake death ability is permanent, so there's no need to worry about it expiring. Wang Yongsan directly chose to extract immediately.

"Continue extracting abilities."

After the extraction was complete, Wang Yongsan chose to extract again.

He had already extracted four times but hadn't gotten any powerful abilities yet.

At this time, Zhou Jian had already infiltrated a factory for more than ten seconds.

Wang Yongsan didn't dare to rush in recklessly or shout randomly, fearing that he would alert Zhou Jian before finding the entrance. That would be disastrous.

"I can't wait any longer."

"Since the earphones are already in my mouth, I can call for help in just one second. He only has 26 points of physique, so even if he wants to kill me, I should be able to hold on for a while."

Wang Yongsan didn't dare to be overconfident, but given the current situation, he had to succeed or die trying.

He could only grit his teeth and go forward.

The spinning wheel in front of him was still turning, but Wang Yongsan couldn't wait any longer and entered the factory.

Looking around, he couldn't see Zhou Jian anywhere.

—It's over; has he already entered underground through the entrance?

Wang Yongsan had been guarding outside, even keeping an eye on the factory while extracting abilities.

But now, Zhou Jian had suddenly disappeared.

"Brother Liu, Brother Duan, come quickly to the factory on the east side; Zhou Jian might be a traitor." Wang Yongsan shouted to the two elders.

However, there was no response.

"Brother Liu? Brother Duan? Hello?"

Wang Yongsan tried several times but found that he couldn't get through.

At this moment, a gust of wind suddenly came from behind him.

This gust of wind was too fast; Wang Yongsan instantly realized he had been ambushed, but knowing it didn't help because he couldn't react in time.

A punch hit his back with a loud boom.

Wang Yongsan, caught off guard, was directly punched and flew forward for several steps before falling to the ground with a thud.

"Hehe, I had suspected you from the beginning, but I didn't expect you to find out. Unfortunately, since this factory is the entrance, it has a signal jamming device installed. Now that you've discovered my secret, you have to die."

Zhou Jian walked step by step towards Wang Yongsan, maintaining vigilance even though he was much stronger than Wang Yongsan.

There was no way; Wang Yongsan's previous feats were too astonishing, so Zhou Jian wasn't a fool to not be cautious.

Wang Yongsan climbed up from the ground.

The punch to his back had made him feel dizzy, but he couldn't help but grin.

Because the ability he had been extracting outside the factory had finally finished extracting.

"Ding, congratulations on obtaining the Fire Control superpower (one-day experience). Do you want to extract it immediately?"

"Immediate extraction."

Wang Yongsan shouted.

In his eyes, a few sparks began to gather, condensing into a white-gold flame in just an instant.








</div>


Chapter 282:
As Wang Yongsan's eyes ignited with white-gold flames, the surrounding air instantly grew warmer.

Zhou Jian was a Sixth Layer of the Conduit expert, with keen senses. He naturally felt something amiss around him.

At the same time, he also saw the white-gold flames within Wang Yongsan's pupils.

"Playing tricks, go to hell!" Zhou Jian felt an inexplicable danger and dared not wait any longer. He roared loudly, throwing a punch at Wang Yongsan.

However, it was too late.

"It's you who will die!"

As Wang Yongsan's eyes ignited with white-gold flames, his pyrokinesis had already been activated simultaneously.

The fire elements in the air rapidly condensed, compressed into white-gold flames reaching 1400 degrees Celsius, appearing directly on Zhou Jian's right fist.

Whoosh~

At 1400 degrees Celsius, even steel could melt, let alone a human fist.

Even though Zhou Jian's physique reached 26 points, he was still powerless and instantly burned to a crisp.

"Ah, my hand!"

The flame burned so quickly that by the time Zhou Jian reacted, his right hand and forearm had turned completely charred black.

Wang Yongsan didn't dare to give the other party a chance to counterattack. With another flick of his eyes, more white-gold flames appeared out of thin air, sticking directly to Zhou Jian's legs.

"Ah, what's going on? You did this! You, you are actually a mage?" Zhou Jian's painful face was filled with disbelief.

Mages, like martial artists, were a faction in the Jianghu, skilled in arcane arts and capable of doing many things science couldn't explain.

However, the mages Zhou Jian had heard of were powerless before reaching the Perforated Orifices Realm. It was precisely this fatal flaw that made the powerful mage profession almost extinct in modern society.

So how could Wang Yongsan possibly reach the Perforated Orifices Realm? Then where did his flames come from?

"Don't kill me, don't kill me!"

Zhou Jian knelt down and begged for mercy, completely lacking the courage to resist a mage.

Even if Wang Yongsan wasn't in the Perforated Orifices Realm, as long as he could use arcane arts, Zhou Jian couldn't contend with him.

Using flames consumed mental power. If not necessary, Wang Yongsan didn't want to use it multiple times.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan had many questions for Zhou Jian.

"Why betray the department and collude with Blood Skull?" Wang Yongsan was very curious.

Zhou Jian was one of the department's few leaders, a person with considerable power within the department. Why would he risk being a traitor to work for Blood Skull?

Zhou Jian's expression was dejected as he gritted his teeth and said, "For what else? Of course it's for power!"

"For power?" Wang Yongsan didn't understand.

Zhou Jian said bitterly, "In today's society, what doesn't depend on connections? They have relationships and connections, getting arcane medicines reserved early on. Every month's allocated supplies, our group gets less than the others. Just look at you; you're just a newcomer, but because of Ye Qiong's relationship, you can advance to this level in half a month. But what about everyone else?"

"Have you ever thought that the resources you have are taken from others?"


Chapter 283:
Wang Yongsan furrowed his brows. Although Ye Qing supported him, he had not exploited anyone's resources.

Except for the meeting gifts given to him by several team leaders, he had used all his own Ximudan and Zuisha points to enhance his physique.

Moreover,

Zhou Jinjie's group was already lacking in talent. Both their individual strength and the number of members were far inferior to those of other groups. If resources were distributed evenly, that would truly be unfair.

However, Wang Yongsan did not want to waste time explaining these matters to him.

"Where is the entrance?" Wang Yongsan asked directly.

Zhou Jinjie sneered, "You must let me go first before I tell you. Otherwise, unless you dig three feet into the ground, otherwise... aaaaaaah!"

Before he could finish his threat, Wang Yongsan kicked him in the groin.

How dare he negotiate with a notorious egg-breaker? He truly did not know how to write the character for death.

"Say it or not? If you say it, I can give you a quick death. If you don't, I will slowly torture you until you do." Wang Yongsan said coldly.

This Zhou Jinjie was not only in cahoots with Xuetou, but he had also attacked Wang Yongsan earlier without leaving any escape route. If Wang Yongsan's senses had not been keen, and he had dodged in advance, just that punch would have been enough to drain his metabolic energy for recovery.

Facing enemies, Wang Yongsan would not be foolish enough to show mercy.

Traitors were even more detestable than enemies.

Zhou Jinjie's face was filled with gloom, and his eyes were brimming with hatred and fear.

He had not expected Wang Yongsan to be so ruthless and merciless in his actions.

What he did not know was that although Wang Yongsan was a newcomer who had joined the department for a short time, he had experienced numerous battles. From Tie Shou Wushuang to today, each time was a near-death experience. If he had been soft-hearted, he would likely have died several times over by now.

"Say it or not?"

Wang Yongsan took a step forward and lifted his foot, eyeing Zhou Jinjie.

If Zhou Jinjie dared to refuse, he would definitely step down on him.

"I'll say it." Zhou Jinjie yielded.

Although a living dog is better than a dead lion, if death was inevitable, who would want to be tortured to death?

"Where is it?" Wang Yongsan urged harshly.

This Zhou Jinjie was hesitant, and Wang Yongsan feared that he was stalling for time.

Zhou Jinjie pointed in a direction and said, "The entrance is over there. However, it requires iris recognition to unlock. If you bring me there, I will help you open the entrance door. Please just give me a quick death, okay?"

"Fine."

Wang Yongsan did not waste words, grabbed Zhou Jinjie with one hand, and quickly walked towards the entrance.

This was a core processing machine. Anyone who saw it would think it was an ordinary machine, but there was another world within it.

Zhou Jinjie used his eyes to unlock the machine's display screen with iris recognition.

Suddenly, the entire machine moved sideways parallel to reveal a staircase leading underground.

Wang Yongsan's eyes lit up, but at that moment, in the blink of an eye, Zhou Jinjie who was being held by him suddenly turned around and used his remaining left hand like a claw, reaching for Wang Yongsan's heart.

"Die! Hahaha!"

Zhou Jinjie's eyes were filled with excitement.

As long as he killed Wang Yongsan, Xuetou's abilities would certainly allow him to reattach his limbs.

```
[Note: The text appears to be incomplete at the end, but based on the context provided, this is the most accurate translation possible.]
```


Chapter 284:
Unfortunately, Wang Yongsan is not an inexperienced youngster and has never relaxed his guard.

As soon as he reached for his heart, Wang Yongsan snorted coldly and threw Zhou Jian in his hand away. Then, red flames ignited in his eyes, and a large ball of fire directly burned on Zhou Jian's body.

The temperature of the red flame is the lowest, and it will take more time to burn someone to death.

"It's really looking for death," Wang Yongsan snorted coldly.

Originally, he still wanted to give him a quick death, but he was not at peace until the end. Wang Yongsan did not feel sorry for him anymore.

"Please, let me go. No, you can kill me. Kill me!"

Zhou Jian was burned and rolled all over the ground.

Although Wang Yongsan hated him, he couldn't bear to hear such a shrill scream.

So...

He simply took a step directly into the stone steps leading to the ground, so that he wouldn't hear anything.








The stone steps leading to the ground were very long, with more than a hundred steps. Calculated in this way, it was about 20 meters below the ground.

At such a distance, even if there was a loud noise underground, it would not be heard on the ground.

After stepping down from the last step, there was a channel opened up by rocks in front of him. It looked like a tunnel, but it was several times smaller than the tunnel.

"Who is it?"

A loud shout came from ahead.

There was also a guard in the laboratory. As soon as Wang Yongsan came down, he saw two hound-type cyborgs.

Wang Yongsan's expression was calm, and his sharp eyes looked at the two cyborgs. He said with a serious expression, "I am Wang Dayong. Now there are people from the Jianghu Supervision Department causing trouble upstairs. It was Zhou Jian who asked me to inform you and help him transfer the gene restoration medicine. Who will show me the way?"

The reason why Wang Yongsan came down alone instead of looking for other clan leaders first was because he wanted to help Hua Shengnan find the gene restoration medicine.

If he brought others, it would be inconvenient in many ways and might also arouse the suspicion of other group leaders.

The two hound-type cyborgs looked at each other.

One of them hesitated, "Are you Zhou Jian's person? What can prove it?"

Wang Yongsan frowned and said, "We are traitors. How can we carry proof with us? What if it is discovered? Now the situation is urgent. If you delay because of your procrastination, do you want to keep your dog's head?"

"This..."

The two hound-type cyborgs were somewhat intimidated by Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan sneered in his heart. Dogs are dogs after all.

Different cyborgs have different tendencies towards modification. Obviously, the hound-type cyborgs had a physique of nearly 20 points and only an enhanced sense of smell. Their intelligence did not improve much.

Moreover, intelligence is different from IQ.

Wang Yongsan discovered that these two hound-type cyborgs were rare ones with only four and five points of intelligence, so he suddenly wanted to bluff them.

"Okay, I'll take you to the warehouse. But I haven't heard of the gene restoration medicine you mentioned, so I don't know if it's there or not." One of the hound-type cyborgs said.

Now is a critical moment when every second counts. If it's delayed, things will change. Wang Yongsan couldn't take care of those anymore.


Chapter 285:
Nodding, Wang Yongsan signaled the dog-man to lead the way.

As it turned out, Wang Yongsan's bluffing of the dog-man was the right move.

He had thought that the underground laboratory wouldn't be too big, but after walking for a while with the dog-man leading the way, Wang Yongsan realized that not only was it large, but also intricate and full of forks.

Even the basement had upper and lower levels.

Along the way, Wang Yongsan encountered several modified humans. If it weren't for the dog-man leading him, getting in would have been quite troublesome.

"How much longer?" Wang Yongsan asked impatiently after three minutes of walking.

The dog-man pointed ahead: "There it is, right there."

Wang Yongsan looked forward and furrowed his brows slightly.

Because in front of him, there was another warehouse with modified humans guarding it, and these two were quite strong.

One of them was the lizard-man Wang Yongsan had met before, with a physique not as high as the last one but still 34 points, which was quite impressive.

The other was a rhinoceros-man with a physique of 34 points as well.

"Halt!"

These two modified humans were obviously higher-ranking than the dog-man and spoke impolitely, questioning Wang Yongsan and the dog-man: "What are you two doing here?"

The dog-man replied, "Brothers, this is someone from Zhou Jinjian's team. He says he's here to transfer the gene restoration serum. I brought him over."

"Zhou Jinjian?"

The lizard-man's hoarse voice let out a cold laugh: "Zhou Jinjian is nothing. Does he say to transfer and we do? No one can enter without the boss's orders, except for Doctor Le."

The dog-man was at a loss.

His simple mind hadn't considered the possibility of being stopped, scratching his dog head and apologizing to Wang Yongsan: "Brother, they won't let us in. How about I take you back?"

Wang Yongsan was amused by his honest appearance.

Shaking his head, he thought to himself: It seems not all modified humans are bad. They're probably just like normal people, with only a few being evil.

After all, modified humans were also transformed from ordinary people.

Just like Bai Ji in Honor of Kings said, they were once regular folks too, with both good and bad among them.

Wang Yongsan had already targeted these three modified humans, planning to complete the 'Tiger Mountain Journey' mission by killing them all. But now he changed his mind and decided to spare the dog-man's life.

"You can leave now. I'll talk to them alone," Wang Yongsan said gently, patting the dog-man on the shoulder.

The dog-man hesitated: "That won't do. According to the rules, since I brought you in, I have to take you out too, or I'll be punished."

"Fine, if you want to stay, then stay. But don't be scared," Wang Yongsan said with a smile and then turned to face the other two modified humans: "If you open the door now, I might spare your lives."

The warehouse had a door, and it was made of alloy.

Wang Yongsan didn't want to waste his mental power melting it, so he gave these two modified humans a chance.

Unfortunately…

Upon hearing this, the two modified humans burst into laughter.


Chapter 286:
Among them, the lizard cyborg pointed at Wang Yongsan and said, "Boy, your cover is blown. Our boss has said that anyone who wants to harm the warehouse will be killed on the spot, except him and the doctor. Do you want to kill us? Let's see if you have the ability to do so."

As he spoke, the lizard cyborg's figure had already moved.

The rhinoceros cyborg beside him, however, was calm and composed, as if watching a play. The gap in strength between the two sides was too great; he had never thought that his own side would lose.

However, the next moment, he was completely shocked.

He saw that a white-golden flame had ignited on the lizard cyborg's body, wrapping around its entire head.

This was a flame that could even melt alloys. Even though the lizard cyborg's defense was formidable, it was instantly burned to a crisp, only managing to let out a scream before its entire body crashed into the ground.

"You, you, you are..." The hound cyborg beside him was stunned speechless.

Wang Yongsan smiled at him: "What are you looking at? I'm a good person. Just stay here quietly, and I won't kill you."

Then he turned around to face the rhinoceros cyborg and said, "So? Do you still doubt that I can't kill you now?"

The rhinoceros cyborg was incredibly spineless and immediately knelt down, kowtowing to Wang Yongsan: "I'm sorry, I was blind. I'll open the door for you right now; please don't kill me."

If he had any strength to fight back, he might still have some thoughts of resistance. However, he didn't even know how his companion was killed by the other party just now, and at this moment, he had already been frightened out of his wits. How could he dare to resist even a little?








The door opened,

Wang Yongsan walked in past the rhinoceros cyborg. Inside the warehouse were various medicines and reagents, along with numerous glass containers.

This made Wang Yongsan very troubled because these items had no labels on them. He didn't know which one was the gene restoration medicine. If he took everything, there would be too much to carry; if he didn't take it all, there were so many items that he couldn't decide which ones to leave behind.

"Hey," Wang Yongsan waved at the rhinoceros cyborg who immediately came over eagerly: "What can I do for you?"

Wang Yongsan asked, "Which one of these medicines is the gene restoration medicine?"

The rhinoceros cyborg looked bitter: "I'm just a guard. How could I possibly know these things? Besides, if I knew, I would have used it secretly a long time ago. Who wants to look like this, half-human and half-beast?"

Wang Yongsan nodded: "So you really don't know anything, huh?"

The rhinoceros cyborg hesitated for a moment with his eyes rolling around: "Uh... I really don't know anything."

"Then you should just die."

A flash of white-golden flames appeared in Wang Yongsan's eyes, and a white-golden flame ignited on the rhinoceros cyborg's head.

"Ah, you said you wouldn't kill me! Ah ah ah..."

Wang Yongsan shrugged: "I never said I wouldn't kill you. You're a coward who is afraid of the strong and bullies the weak. Keeping someone like you around would only cause trouble."

After a brief struggle, the rhinoceros cyborg fell silent completely.

Wang Yongsan frowned and looked at the trembling hound cyborg outside the door.

"Hey you, come here." Wang Yongsan waved his hand.

</div>


Chapter 287:
The hound-type cyborgs were all crying, their legs shaking uncontrollably, and a smelly liquid was flowing out of their trouser legs, with the crotch area also soaked through.

He pleaded with a bitter face: "Boss, I was forced to do this; if I didn't help them, they would have killed me. But I have never done any bad deeds; you can ask me to swear on it if you don't believe me."

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Don't be nervous; I know you are not a bad person. If I say I won't kill you, then I won't."

"Really?"

"Yes, really."

Wang Yongsan saw that he still dared not come over and asked straightforwardly, "Alright then, you don't have to come over. I ask you, who here knows the effects of these potions?"

The hound-type cyborg replied with a trembling voice, "These potions were made by the doctor; apart from him, even the gang leader might not be able to tell what they are."

Wang Yongsan nodded and asked, "Do you know where the doctor is?"

The hound-type cyborg cautiously said, "I know; he should be in the laboratory. I'll take you there. Can you let me go afterward?"

Wang Yongsan speechlessly said, "I've already told you several times. I am a regulator of the martial world and belong to the state; I'm not one of those evil Blood Skull members. As long as you have a kind heart and haven't done any evil, I won't kill you casually."

The hound-type cyborg gritted his teeth and said, "Alright; I believe you."

The two walked toward the laboratory one after another.

Half a minute later, the hound-type cyborg stopped and pointed to the first alloy door ahead and said, "This is the laboratory; Dr. Le spends almost 24 hours a day here."

Wang Yongsan asked, "24 hours a day? Even when sleeping here?"

The hound-type cyborg shook his head and revealed a fact that surprised Wang Yongsan.

"Dr. Le is a scientific madman; he transformed himself into a dolphin cyborg with two independent brains. One rests while the other conducts experiments, so as long as his body can withstand it, he doesn't need to rest."

Wang Yongsan was quite surprised.

Other people avoided the identity of cyborgs like the plague, but this doctor actually transformed himself into a cyborg.

To experiment to such an extent; it truly deserves the title of scientific madman.

"This door, apart from the doctor, no one else can open it; even the gang leader cannot." The hound-type cyborg said.

The mad scientist valued his experiments too much and absolutely did not allow anyone to disturb him while conducting them, so he changed the door's password to something only he knew.

Other people were powerless against the alloy door, but Wang Yongsan happened to have the ability to burn through it forcefully at this moment.

"Ah, it seems like I'll have to consume quite a bit of mental power again."

Wang Yongsan sighed, and the serious white-golden flames began to gather.

Splash~

Splash splash~

Three fireballs ignited simultaneously and formed a triangle, starting to burn on the alloy door.

As time passed second by second, the alloy-made gate began to melt, and the three fireballs also started rotating clockwise and continued burning through the door until they created a half-meter diameter hole, at which point they automatically extinguished.

Wang Yongsan rubbed his head; the excessive consumption of mental power made him feel dizzy.

In the next moment, he jumped and entered through the melted hole.


Chapter 288:
The laboratory was different from other rooms, not only did the floor have tiles, but the walls were also covered in metal, giving it a clean and tidy appearance.

Inside were countless various experimental instruments, and an old man with white hair was busy working intently, not noticing the person who had entered the room.

"Cough cough."

Wang Yongsan walked up to the old man's back and coughed dryly.

This dry cough immediately startled the old man, who turned around abruptly and asked with furrowed brows: "Who are you? How did you get in here?"

Wang Yongsan didn't answer, instead he chuckled: "You must be Dr. Le, right? My name is Wang Yongsan, and I am a Jianghu regulator."

Dr. Le frowned: "Jianghu regulator? What does that have to do with me?"

"Cough cough." Wang Yongsan was choked for a moment, and awkwardly said: "You are a member of Blood Skull, not only did you help them conduct genetic experiments, but you yourself are also a genetically modified person. Don't you know that what you did is a crime?"

Dr. Le sneered: "I have committed a crime? So what if I did? Are you here to arrest me?"

Wang Yongsan scratched his head, he found that this old man's train of thought seemed to be different from ordinary people.

It was likely that he had become a bit silly due to constantly conducting experiments, and all Dr. Le's mind contained was experimental content, showing a complete disregard for other matters.

Arresting people was something the other regulators were responsible for, Wang Yongsan's current task was to help Hua Shengnan find the gene restoration potion.

So he stopped wasting words, and instead asked Dr. Le: "I'm not here to arrest you, nor do I care about the crimes you committed. Actually, I came looking for you because I want to ask a favor of you - could you give me some gene restoration potion?"

When Dr. Le heard the words "gene restoration potion," his eyes immediately changed.

"How do you know there is such a thing as gene restoration potion?"

The gene restoration potion was an unexpected result that Dr. Le obtained after a failed experiment, but because it wasn't what he wanted, he neither prepared more nor told anyone about it.

However, this young man in front of him, how did he know about the gene restoration potion?

Wang Yongsan shook his head and said mysteriously: "Anyway, I just know. Please help me out Dr. Le, as a reward, I will also try my best to speak up for you within the regulatory department."

Although Dr. Le spent all his time conducting experiments and had a bit of a mental issue, Wang Yongsan saw with his divine eye technique that this old man's intelligence was as high as 40 points.

With such a high intelligence, after just thinking for a moment, he understood the current situation.

So after weighing his options, Dr. Le agreed: "Alright, I can help you make the gene restoration potion, but right now I don't have any finished products. If you really want it, then save me and take me out first, I can slowly make it for you. What do you think?"








Hearing Dr. Le's proposal, Wang Yongsan couldn't help but frown.

He just wanted a gene restoration potion, if he took someone out, although it wasn't impossible, what if he was caught and mistaken for a member of Blood Skull?

Wang Yongsan shook his head: "This won't work, how about you make it now?"

Dr. Le looked down on him: "Make it now? Not to mention there isn't enough time, even if there was, do you think I would help you make it for no reason?"

"What do you mean?" Wang Yongsan furrowed his brows.


Chapter 289:
Dr. Le said, "My meaning is very simple: you save me out, I will help you with the experiment. In the future, all the results can be given to you. I only enjoy the pleasure of doing experiments and don't care who they are for. But if I get caught, I may not have the chance to touch these experimental instruments again."

Dr. Le looked at the surrounding machinery with a gentle expression in his eyes.

Some people like money, some like power, and others enjoy the pleasure of authority. But Dr. Le had no interest in these things.

The only thing he was interested in was the sense of accomplishment from doing experiments.

Wang Yongsan's mind was rapidly weighing the pros and cons.

If possible, he really didn't want to get involved with Dr. Le, but he couldn't leave Hua Shengnan behind.

If he missed this opportunity, it was uncertain when he would encounter another gene lab again. Moreover, according to what Dr. Le said, this thing was not easy to make.

After hesitating for a long time, Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and decided to take the risk.

"Alright, I'll try my best to save you out. But there are our people above. After going out, you have to find a place to hide by yourself."

Dr. Le nodded and said, "Of course. I understand that you supervisors are afraid of getting involved with modified humans. Give me your phone number, and I'll contact you once the medicine is made."

"Alright, let's go then."

Wang Yongsan turned around and was about to leave.

But Dr. Le said, "Wait a moment."

Wang Yongsan furrowed his brows and asked, "What else do you want to do?"

Dr. Le said calmly, "Just go out empty-handed without any instruments or materials? What would I use to do experiments?"

After saying that, Dr. Le pressed a button on his waist.

The alloy door was opened, and then after several seconds, two modified humans with large heads ran in from outside.

Dr. Le introduced them: "These two are modified humans with the characteristics of hamsters. They can stuff their mouths with things that weigh twice as much as themselves, transporting them smoothly. They are excellent moving workers."

Oh my!

Wang Yongsan was completely charmed by these two hamster-like modified humans.

After Dr. Le finished the introduction, these two hamster modified humans began to stuff things into their mouths one by one. Soon, their cheeks became larger and larger until they were almost as big as their bodies before stopping.

Dr. Le seemed a bit unsatisfied and said, "There are only two hamster modified humans, so we have to abandon some things. But it's better than nothing. Let's go."

He operated the machine behind him a few times, and then numbers appeared on the screen counting down.

Wang Yongsan asked, "What does this mean?"

Dr. Le said with regret, "All the experimental results here are my personal achievements. Since I won't be here anymore, I can't leave them for others. So this is a self-destruction device that I secretly installed. In one minute, there will be an explosion here. The explosion is so powerful that the entire underground laboratory will be flipped over."

Wang Yongsan was stunned for a moment and asked, "Doctor, do you know how long it will take us to get out of here?"

Dr. Le shook his head and asked, "Does it take a long time?"

Wang Yongsan swallowed his saliva and worriedly said, "If we run quickly, maybe we can make it out."


Chapter 290:
This underground laboratory, which was later modified, is quite far from the exit. Wang Yongsan carries Dr. Le on his back, and two rat-human hybrids follow behind.

There are also dog-human hybrids who run while shouting to other hybrids about the explosion, urging them to flee.

Although there are many hybrids living in this laboratory, most of them are innocent civilians who were framed by Blood Skull. There may be some bad people among them, but there are more ordinary people who don't deserve to die.

When some hybrids heard the shout and tried to stop Wang Yongsan and his group, they were burned into ashes by Wang Yongsan's fire.

"Ding Dong, the task is overfulfilled, rewarding 120 points of death-defying credits."

In the midst of his busy escape, Wang Yongsan heard the system's prompt and was overjoyed. The fatigue caused by the consumption of spiritual power was also alleviated a lot.

Just as the explosion was about to occur, Wang Yongsan and his group finally reached the surface.

The next second, a loud 'boom' echoed as the ground shook violently.

Three seconds later, a powerful gust of fire rushed up from the stone steps, with such force that it almost lifted the roof off the factory building.

"It's not good!"

Before Wang Yongsan could catch his breath, he changed his expression and pointed in a direction, "With such a big commotion, people will come to check soon. You must flee in this direction quickly and don't get caught!"

Dr. Le, the rat-human hybrids, and the dog-human hybrids, along with about 20 other escaped hybrids, all looked nervous and didn't have time to say much before fleeing in that direction.

Wang Yongsan, on the other hand, took out his phone and managed to call Luo Yusha in the chaos.

"Hello? Yongsan."

Hearing Luo Yusha's voice, Wang Yongsan immediately said anxiously, "Yusha, I'm going to tell you something now. You must take it seriously. If I die, remember to beat me hard until I come back to life. You must remember this!"

Luo Yusha was startled by Wang Yongsan's words and asked in a hurry, "Yongsan, what are you doing? Don't scare me!"

Wang Yongsan didn't have time to explain. He had only managed to say one sentence when several figures flew over outside the factory building.

He quickly said into the phone, "Yusha, I'm fine. Just remember what I told you and take it seriously. And don't tell anyone about my faking death except yourself."

After saying that, he quickly hung up the phone. To prevent Luo Yusha from calling back, Wang Yongsan simply crushed his phone into pieces with force.

With Dr. Le and the others escaping, the underground laboratory destroyed, and Zhou Jin's death, these three things would require a lot of effort to explain if Wang Yongsan were alive. Too much talking might reveal something, but if he 'died', everything would be easier to explain.

As several figures flew closer, Wang Yongsan lay on the ground and activated his 'faking death' ability. His breathing stopped, and his heartbeat slowed down until it completely ceased.


Chapter 291:
In the tightly closed eyes of Wang Yongsan, his pupils gradually began to dilate, and his body also slowly transitioned from warmth to a cool sensation. Within ten seconds, he transformed from an energetic individual into what appeared to be an indisputable "corpse."








"Yongsan, Yongsan, wake up! How could you do this to me? What am I supposed to do now that you're gone? Wuu..."

"My dear son, you were so young. Why did you leave before your parents? I would rather it be me than see you like this!"

At the Tianchi Club, within the Supervision Department's Special Hospital, Luo Yusha was sobbing uncontrollably on Wang Yongsan's "corpse," accompanied by his mother.

Wang Dad was relatively stronger and did not collapse onto the body to cry, but his tears flowed unceasingly like a tap that couldn't be turned off.

Those around them were also deeply affected by the scene.

Ye Qing, Chen Qizhi, Duan Tianlang, Liu Tu, and others...

When Wang Yongsan entered the underground laboratory, they encountered another wave of reinforcements on the surface and were thus occupied there.

The battle was evenly matched, leaving everyone with injuries. Even the strongest among them, Ye Qing, had lost an arm.

"Old Ye, do you think we can apply for a heroic martyr status for Xiao Wang?" Chen Qizhi sighed and whispered to Ye Qing beside him.

Ye Qing nodded solemnly, "I've already applied for it, and the higher-ups have agreed. Although it doesn't help him now, that's all we can do."

Martyr status is not granted to just anyone; only the deceased can apply for it.

Heroic martyrs are even more distinguished than regular martyrs, typically reserved for important officials or individuals who have reached the pinnacle in their respective fields.

To be called a heroic martyr means holding a memorial service where dignitaries from various sectors bow in mourning.

Although Wang Yongsan was just a newcomer to the Supervision Department, he died in the destruction of Blood Skull's genetic laboratory. Although Ye Qing and others didn't know who destroyed the lab, to compensate for Wang Yongsan, they attributed all the credit to him, earning him this honorable title.

The atmosphere was particularly heavy, but when someone dies, they must go where the deceased belong.

People from the funeral home approached to help with Wang Yongsan's "remains."

"No, Yongsan isn't dead; don't touch him!" Luo Yusha refused frantically.

Wang Mom sobbed, "Yusha, dear daughter, the dead cannot come back to life. Although I don't believe that Dagou is gone, but, but..."

Wang Mom cried so hard she couldn't speak coherently.

Luo Yusha insisted, "I don't believe it; Yongsan said he wouldn't die. He never lied to me before, and this time must be true too."

Everyone thought Luo Yusha had lost her mind due to Wang Yongsan's death.

After all, losing a boyfriend could lead to such behavior, which was understandable.

However, what Luo Yusha did next shocked everyone.

"Yusha, what are you doing?"

</div>


Chapter 292:
As Luo Yusha's fist slammed into Wang Yongsan's chest, Granny Wang hurriedly jumped forward to stop her.

The others were all startled and quickly stepped up to block Luo Yusha from reaching Wang Yongsan.

It must be known that in China, it is customary to show respect for the deceased; even if Wang Yongsan were a hero and martyr, or even just an ordinary person or criminal, few would desecrate the body. And for the one doing so to be the deceased's girlfriend was even more excessive.

It was too much.

"Yongsan isn't dead, let me go, I need to save him!" Luo Yusha struggled fiercely, wanting to continue desecrating the body.

Although Wang Yongsan had specifically called her before faking his death, it was so realistic that he seemed truly dead, even becoming cold. Luo Yusha believed Wang Yongsan but seeing him so cold made her doubt whether he had called just to comfort her before dying.

But now, seeing others about to take Wang Yongsan's body away, possibly preventing her from ever seeing her beloved again, Luo Yusha wanted to take a chance.

"Please let me go, I know Yongsan is faking his death, please let me save him!"

Luo Yusha was held tightly by Granny Wang and Jia Caihong, but when the morticians from the funeral home approached again to shake Wang Yongsan's body, she could only beg desperately.

"Shasha?"

A weak voice sounded.

The mortician who was about to carry away Wang Yongsan fell back onto the ground, while others were also frightened by the unexpected sound.

Only Luo Yusha's face showed a look of joy.

"Shasha, don't cry."

Wang Yongsan closed his eyes and said with all his strength. It was his first time faking death, and perhaps because he stayed "dead" for too long, his body's functions recovered very slowly. From regaining consciousness to speaking, it took more than five seconds.

However, as Wang Yongsan's heartbeat grew stronger, his recovery accelerated rapidly. His eyes opened, his fingers moved, he sat up, and then stood up from the ground. He smiled apologetically at everyone around him before quietly walking over to Luo Yusha and Granny Wang, squatting down beside them and apologizing.

"Mom, Shasha, I'm sorry for worrying you."

"Son."

"Yongsan."

The two women cried tears of joy once again. Wang Yongsan turned back to look at his father and gave him a grin, "Dad, I'm fine, don't worry."

Father Wang looked complex and nodded forcefully. The people around were stunned. They weren't Wang Yongsan's relatives, so they didn't share the same disregard for science when seeing their son or boyfriend wake up. This person was already cold and stiff, yet he could come back to life?

Ye Qing and the others felt complicated. They had just helped Wang Yongsan apply for hero-level martyr status, and the higher-ups had already allocated resources. They were preparing for the memorial service when suddenly, he came back to life. How could they report this to their superiors? Would the higher-ups think they were playing with them?


Chapter 293:
"Brother Ye, and all the big brothers, I'm sorry for worrying you. It's really not intentional. I didn't know that my life is so strong. Just now, I felt like I was dead, but then I came back to life again. Hahaha, it's really good luck."

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and acted foolishly.

However, everyone looked at him with disbelief in their eyes.

A person who was already dead could come back to life, and then be lively as soon as he came back to life? Do they all take them for fools?

But Wang Yongsan's appearance just now was indeed a case of coming back to life. Even if they didn't believe it, they couldn't find a reason to refute it.

In the end, Ye Qing acted as a representative and asked: "Brother Wang, what's going on? Who hurt you like this, or who killed you?"

Wang Yongsan casually made up a story: "It was Zhou Jin, the group leader, who hurt me. I don't know why he suddenly hit me from behind with a palm, and when I woke up, I was already here. By the way..."

Wang Yongsan's expression became serious, and he was sneering in his heart. On the surface, however, he spoke seriously: "At that time, there was another person with Zhou Jin. I remembered seeing him at Mr. Zhu's birthday banquet, and it seemed like he was with our Longtai's Vice Mayor Wang Gang."








Wang Yongsan was sneering in his heart. Not only did he push all the blame away with a single sentence, but he also shifted everyone's attention to Wang Gang.

Wang Gang was not a clean person. As long as someone investigated him, even without the evidence in Wang Yongsan's hands, he would definitely not be able to escape.

Moreover, with Wang Yongsan's wickedness, he would definitely quietly release all the evidence.

Ye Qing and the others exchanged glances.

Before, they judged from Wang Yongsan's injuries that he was killed by Zhou Jin's Heart-Crippling and Vein-Breaking Palm. Now it seems that they can confirm Zhou Jin as a traitor.

However, when they found Zhou Jin, he had already turned into charcoal, and they couldn't confirm who killed him. With Wang Gang as a clue, maybe they could trace back to the real mastermind behind the scenes.

"Brother Wang, do you have any other clues?" Ye Qing asked reluctantly.

However, the answer was naturally negative.

Wang Yongsan shook his head with a face full of apologies: "Brother Ye, I didn't help at all from beginning to end, and I even made you worry. I'm really sorry."

Ye Qing waved his hand: "It doesn't matter, the fact that you can come back to life is already a great fortune."

Wang Yongsan had just come back to life, and although he knew that he was fine himself, Ye Qing and the others, including Wang Dad, Wang Mom, and Luo Yusha, were not at ease about his health.

Moreover, after last night's battle, everyone was also very tired, so they just asked a few simple questions. Ye Qing let Wang Yongsan go back to rest with his family first.

Wang Dad drove the car and took the three of them back to Longtai, and it was already around noon.

"Dad, Mom, should I send you two directly to school, or should we go home first to eat something and rest?" Wang Dad asked while driving.

"Let's go to school directly," Luo Yusha blushed slightly.

She hadn't gotten married yet, so how could she be comfortable sleeping at someone else's house?

Wang Yongsan also nodded: "We can eat something in the cafeteria, and I have things to do in the afternoon."

Wang Dad didn't insist.

When they arrived at the school gate,


Chapter 294:
Mr. Wang parked the car, and both Wang Yongsan and Luo Yusha got out of it.

After having lunch together at the cafeteria, Wang Yongsan sent Luo Yusha to her teaching building before leaving the school and heading towards a fruit machine specialty store not far from the campus.

His phone had been crushed by his own hands last night, and he had agreed with Dr. Le before that after finding a place to settle down, the other party would call him. Therefore, he had to buy a new phone as soon as possible to avoid missing the other party's call.

"Hey? "

From a distance, Wang Yongsan saw a familiar face standing at the entrance of the fruit phone store.

The man was dressed in old clothes and was restless, standing at the door while occasionally glancing back into the store. It was Lao Li, the old man who had sold Wang Yongsan the antique chess set last time.

Wang Yongsan walked over with a smile and greeted Lao Li: "Elderly gentleman, do you remember me? "

Lao Li's face was filled with worry. When he suddenly heard someone talking to him, he turned around. Upon seeing it was Wang Yongsan, he became excited immediately.

"Oh my, it's you! Thank you so much for your money last time; my wife could survive because of it. "

Lao Li was sincere and kept bowing to Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan quickly supported him: "Elderly gentleman, your items were worth that much money. I didn't help you at all; there's no need to thank me. "

Although he said so, Lao Li knew that if it weren't for Wang Yongsan that day, his antique chess set would likely have been bought by the unscrupulous antique shop owner at a very low price.

Although he no longer said thank you verbally, Lao Li kept it in his heart.

Wang Yongsan suddenly asked: "Elderly gentleman, what are you doing here? Are you planning to buy a phone? "

Lao Li opened his mouth and sighed: "It's not me who wants to buy; it's my daughter inside the store. "

Wang Yongsan hummed and looked through the glass door into the store; indeed, a girl was choosing machines. Moreover, from her appearance, she had not only bought an apple phone but also intended to purchase an apple tablet and computer.

Wang Yongsan's eyes twinkled, and he understood why Lao Li was sighing.

The three items the girl inside the store intended to buy would cost at least 20,000 yuan. Lao Li's family was not wealthy; seeing his daughter spend so much money, he naturally felt heartache.

However, he couldn't bear to see his daughter disappointed, so he could only stand outside, trying not to see in order to ease his heartache.

But since it was money that would be spent regardless, even if Lao Li didn't want to see it, he couldn't change the fact that the money would be spent.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but frown, feeling a bit of disgust towards the girl inside. However, this was someone else's family matter; Wang Yongsan didn't feel comfortable interfering and thus didn't dare to say anything more.

After chatting with Lao Li for a few more sentences, Wang Yongsan was about to take his leave when the door of the apple phone specialty store opened.

Lao Li's daughter came out with a phone, notebook computer, and tablet in her hands, smiling happily. However, when she saw Lao Li outside, her expression instantly became unhappy.

"Why are you still here? I told you to go back first, didn't I? " The girl's tone was quite unfriendly.

Wang Yongsan frowned and felt a bit doubtful whether this person was Lao Li's daughter. How could a daughter speak to her father like that?

[Note: The translation follows the provided rules, maintaining the original formatting and translating every part of the text into fluent English. The names are kept consistent, and direct speech is accurately translated using proper English punctuation. No information or characters have been omitted or left untranslated.]


Chapter 295:
Next second, Lao Li's response told Wang Yongsan that this person was his daughter.

"Miaomiao, Dad still has something to tell you."

"What's there to say? Do you know that you came to see me dressed like this, and my classmates saw it and laughed at me? I dare not tell them you are my father. In the future, please don't come to look for me at school if you have nothing to do."

After the girl finished speaking, she turned her head angrily and was about to leave.

Wang Yongsan became a little angry.

The expression of Lao Li just now was still in front of him. He couldn't sit or stand, didn't want to look into the shop, but couldn't help looking inside. In order to satisfy his daughter's vanity, he was probably bleeding at that time.

But now, his daughter didn't even want to say a word to him because he was too rustic in his dress and was afraid that people would laugh at her when they saw him.

"Stop!"

Wang Yongsan didn't know why he chose to meddle in other people's affairs.

He only knew that when he saw Lao Li almost crying now, his heart felt stuffy and uncomfortable, as if he had to spit it out.

Li Miaomiao was stunned for a moment, looked at the boy in front of her who stopped her, and asked in confusion, "What are you doing? Who are you?"

Wang Yongsan said, "I'm just a passer-by. Miss, don't you think you are too much?"

"Haha? Are you sick? Get out of my way quickly, you stinky diaosi." Li Miaomiao sneered with a disdainful expression and said to Wang Yongsan.

The explosion in the underground laboratory last night made Wang Yongsan a little embarrassed, and his clothes were also torn in several places.

Li Miaomiao never looked at people based on how they looked, but only whether they had money. Seeing Wang Yongsan's outfit, she immediately classified him as a diaosi.








When Lao Li saw his daughter being rude to Wang Yongsan, he hurriedly stepped forward to explain, "Miaomiao, don't talk nonsense. This is the benefactor who saved your mother. You should thank him."

Li Miaomiao was about to leave, but when she heard this, she couldn't move her feet.

She turned around again, looked at Wang Yongsan for a long time, and then happily said, "Ah, I said why you looked familiar just now. You are Wang Yongsan, I am your classmate, Li Miaomiao from the Foreign Language Department. You are so good."

Li Miaomiao put her phone in her pocket and stretched out her hand to Wang Yongsan with enthusiasm.

Just now she thought Wang Yongsan was a stinky diaosi, but now knowing that the other party was willing to spend 200,000 yuan to buy a broken chess set and was also a very popular second-generation rich man in school, her expression immediately changed 180 degrees.

However, Wang Yongsan had no good feelings for her flirting and instead felt more and more disgusting about this woman.

He did not shake hands with her, but continued to persuade her earnestly: "Miss, I and your father can be considered acquaintances. I know something about your family situation. Your mother is hospitalized and almost couldn't be saved because of two thousand yuan. Now you spend so much money on things that are not necessary, don't you think it's a bit too much?"

Li Miaomiao pouted her mouth and was a little unhappy, but considering that Wang Yongsan was the second generation of rich people, she didn't immediately get angry, but whispered, "It's not my fault. It's because he is useless."

"What did you say?"


Chapter 296:
Wang Yongsan couldn't believe it.

It was said that children don't despise their mother's ugliness, and dogs don't despise their family's poverty. As a daughter, not only was she vain herself, but she also blamed her parents for being useless.

Li Miaomiao snorted and said confidently, "What did I say? The sisters in my dormitory all have fruit machines, but I don't. It didn't matter that we had no money before, but now that we have some, why can't I buy something everyone else has?"

At this time, Lao Lige also advised Wang Yongsan, "Young man, it's my fault for being useless. Don't blame my daughter; blame me instead."

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

Sometimes, a person may seem despicable, but it's often because they have been spoiled by others.

Li Miaomiao's current personality was closely related to the uncontrolled pampering she received from Lao Lige and his wife.

Forget it.

Wang Yongsan shook his head, preparing to stay out of this matter.

Even a clear-headed official would find it difficult to meddle in family disputes, let alone Wang Yongsan, who didn't believe he could see things more accurately than others.

But at this moment.

"Ding, a new task is being generated..."

"Current Task: Act According to One's Abilities."

Wang Yongsan was stunned, not expecting that meddling in someone else's business would result in a task.

The prompt continued.

"Task Description: In today's society, there are too many people who are vain. For the sake of strangers admiring them, they even go as far as harming themselves to sell their bodies, hurting both themselves and their families. As the host of the Suicide System, please persuade at least ten fruit machine buyers within six hours to act according to their abilities and switch to other brand phones."

"Task Requirements: 1) The persuaded person's family annual income should be less than 150,000 yuan, and they themselves should have no income. 2) The phone they switch to should cost less than 2,500 yuan. 3) The host must not use any form of deception or collusion."

"Task Completion: Reward 20 Suicide Points. Task Failure: Deduct 0.3 Lifespan."

It was just a small task, offering only 20 Suicide Points as a reward.

However, even the smallest gain is still beneficial. Persuading ten people within six hours seemed manageable for Wang Yongsan.

"As long as I give them some benefits, many people should be willing to give up buying fruit machines." Wang Yongsan thought.

He looked at Li Miaomiao and figured that with Lao Lige's family income, it must be less than 150,000 yuan, and Li Miaomiao couldn't possibly have any income.

However, to persuade Li Miaomiao, he would need to offer quite a substantial reward.

But compared to the 20 Suicide Points, spending some money was no problem at all.

"Um... your name is Li Miaomiao, right?" Wang Yongsan asked while considering what kind of reward would make her give up on buying the fruit machine.

Li Miaomiao thought Wang Yongsan wanted to get acquainted with her and quickly nodded, "Yes, my surname is Li (木子李), and Miaomiao means 'pulling up the seedlings to help them grow.'"

Wang Yongsan nodded and said straightforwardly, "Miss Li, I'll be direct with you. I don't want you to buy fruit brand products. You don't have to ask me why I'm meddling in your affairs. As long as you agree to return these three items, I can give you a free three-piece set from the Da Mai brand. What do you think?"

Da Mai was a domestic brand known for its cost-effectiveness.

Wang Yongsan's roommates, except for him who used a fruit machine, all used Da Mai phones. The most commonly used brand on campus was also this one.


Chapter 297:
One smartphone, one tablet, plus a laptop, adding up to nine thousand yuan. If given for free, it's quite tempting.

However, Li Miaomiao is vain. People won't look down on Da Ming phones, but she despises the brand from the bottom of her heart. Even if it's free, she doesn't want to use it.

"Da Ming phones? I don't want them. Can we exchange for something else?"

Wang Yongsan frowned and said, "Sure, but the smartphone must be below 2500 yuan."

"What? So cheap?"

Li Miaomiao was a bit reluctant, but she asked, "What about the laptop and tablet? Are there any price limits for those too?"

This task didn't specify, but Wang Yongsan was afraid Li Miaomiao would ask for too much, so he added his own limits: "For the laptop and tablet, you can only buy domestic brands, and together they shouldn't exceed 10,000 yuan."

"How about this?" Li Miaomiao thought for a moment and smiled, "You can just give me the money according to the domestic prices, and I'll add more to buy other brands, okay?"

Wang Yongsan disliked her attitude and said coldly, "Miss Li, I'm just trying to help you out because your family conditions are average. If you don't want the free stuff, you can leave now."

"Don't be like that! Let me think about it some more." When Wang Yongsan ignored her, Li Miaomiao quickly approached him to try and win him over.

The laptop and tablet were one thing; they wouldn't be carried around much, and there were similar domestic brands available. But Da Ming phones? That was a bit hard for her to accept.

In the end, though, Li Miaomiao came around.

The phone she was using before cost less than 2500 yuan, so compared to that, getting over 10,000 yuan worth of stuff for free was a no-brainer.

After all, the old chess set only sold for 200,000 yuan, and it would run out one day. If necessary, she could come back secretly later to buy a phone and sell the free Da Ming ones.

There were so many people in school using Da Ming phones; she wasn't worried about selling them.

Thinking of this, Li Miaomiao finally nodded and agreed: "Okay, I'll take it. Let's go buy the stuff now."

Wang Yongsan wasn't a fool; he heard her agreement and sneered, "Don't rush. First, return those Apple products, and I'll go photocopy some contracts. If you sell the Da Ming phone I give you or buy Apple products within a year, you'll have to pay me 20,000 yuan in liquidated damages."

"Once you sign it, the stuff is yours for free; otherwise, forget it."








After hearing Wang Yongsan's contract terms, Li Miaomiao hesitated again.

But after a moment of hesitation, she agreed to Wang Yongsan's proposal and returned the Apple products.

When Lao Liusan saw his daughter enter the store, he quickly thanked Wang Yongsan: "Thank you, thank you, young man. I'll return the money you spend on buying things for Miaomiao later."

Wang Yongsan waved his hand: "It's fine, old man. These things are a gift for your daughter. If you really want to thank me, then discipline your daughter properly. She became like this because you and your wife spoiled her since she was young."

Lao Liusan had already understood this truth, but his daughter had her mind set, and he couldn't control her no matter how hard he tried.


Chapter 298:
Not far from the fruit machine specialty store, there was a large mobile phone store on that street, where printing services were also available.

Wang Yongsan first went to write a simple contract, which he printed ten copies of.

Then he brought it back and asked Li Miaomiao to sign and put her fingerprint on it before taking her to buy a mobile phone, computer, and other items.

Finally, Li Miaomiao took away not only the required Da Mai 6 mobile phone from Wang Yongsan, but also an Ideal Savior notebook computer and a Flower Pollen tablet. The combined price of the notebook computer and the tablet was exactly ten thousand yuan.

"Haha, thank you, Wang classmate. What's your WeChat? I'll add you as a friend." Li Miaomiao held the Da Mai mobile phone and wanted to add Wang Yongsan's WeChat.

In her opinion, even if Wang Yongsan was a nouveau riche, he couldn't have bought such expensive things for her without reason. He must be up to something.

Now there were rumors in school that Wang Yongsan was dating both the school flower and the department flower. Li Miaomiao believed that she couldn't compete with them, so she thought Wang Yongsan was just trying to taste something new and play around with her.

But what could she do about it?

As long as there was money to spend, Li Miaomiao didn't care whether it was true love or just being played. There were many college students in relationships, but how many of them actually got married?

Li Miaomiao wasn't very beautiful, but she had a good figure. There were boys who pursued her, and currently, she was dating three girlfriends at the same time. Whenever they went shopping or eating out, someone else would pay for them.

However, if she could get involved with Wang Yongsan, a second-generation rich kid, she would immediately dump those three fools.

Unfortunately, it was a case of love unrequited.

Wang Yongsan felt disgusted just looking at Li Miaomiao. If it weren't for the task, he wouldn't have wanted to buy things for this woman. Therefore, he shook his head and said, "Forget about adding friends. Li classmate, you should take care of yourself."

After saying that, Wang Yongsan bought another ten Da Mai 6 mobile phones.

Since he needed to persuade others to use Da Mai, it would be best if he used Da Mai himself. The other nine mobile phones were intended as gifts for those who agreed not to buy Apple products after being persuaded.

Seeing Wang Yongsan's indifferent attitude towards her, Li Miaomiao thought he was trying to catch her but pretending not to.

She thought it was ridiculous that this fool actually wanted to be with her but played such a childish trick.

Little did she know that Wang Yongsan didn't even bother to look at her. She was the one who was truly ridiculous.

After leaving the Da Mai mobile phone store, Wang Yongsan held the mobile phones and contracts and waited at the entrance of the Apple store.

Soon, two more people approached the Apple store to buy mobile phones.

Wang Yongsan quickly stood up and stopped them: "Excuse me, two friends."

The two were a couple in their twenties and thirties. The man asked, "What can I do for you?"

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and asked, "May I ask if you two have started working?"

The man shook his head: "We are both graduate students and haven't started working yet. What does this have to do with you?"

Wang Yongsan grinned.

The task required that the persuaded person either had no job or a family income below 150,000 yuan. As long as one of these conditions was met, the person would qualify to be persuaded.

The two people in front of him were his target for the task.


Chapter 299:
"Yes, it's like this. You can take a look at these first." Wang Yongsan took out two contracts he had just printed and handed one to each of them.

The content was minimal, and the man and woman quickly finished reading it.

The girl seemed suspicious and asked Wang Yongsan, "Isn't this a scam? How can there be such a good thing? What do you want?"

Three questions in a row, all asked with reason and logic.

Wang Yongsan thought to himself that he was, of course, aiming for the points from dying.

But he couldn't say that out loud; no one would believe him if he did.

So he made up a story and narrated it in a deep voice, "Once upon a time, I had a classmate whose family was very poor. But in order to buy an Apple product, he stole all his parents' savings. When there was no more money left to steal, he actually chose to sell his kidney just to upgrade his phone."

"Last week, my classmate passed away due to an infection after surgery. His parents cried until their eyes almost went blind."

"I don't want to see similar tragedies happen around me again, so I wanted to do my part. Please try your best and don't let your vanity hurt yourself or your family."

Wang Yongsan's words even moved himself.

His voice choked up; he was willing to do anything to complete the task.

The man and woman were also infected by his emotions, feeling a bit downcast.

Especially the girl; tears welled up in her eyes as she said to her boyfriend beside her, "Dabao, although our families are quite well-off, neither of us have jobs yet. It doesn't seem right for us to keep using our parents' money to buy iPhones; let's not buy them, okay?"

The boy gently ran his fingers through the girl's long hair and said indulgently, "It's just a phone; do whatever you want."

Two more targets completed.

Wang Yongsan watched as the number of task targets changed to 3/10 and couldn't help but laugh out loud.

"Thank you for your understanding, here are two Xiaomi phones. As long as you sign your names, these phones will be yours for free." Wang Yongsan held the phone in one hand and the contract and pen in the other, offering them to the couple.

The girl smiled without taking what Wang Yongsan was offering, instead saying with a laugh, "Thank you for your kindness, but we don't need these. Please give them to someone who does."

Wang Yongsan felt that these two didn't seem like the type to go back on their word, so he didn't insist too much.

After seeing them off, Wang Yongsan continued to wait outside the Apple store.

"Hello, sir, are you here to buy an iPhone?"

"Beautiful sister, have you started working yet?"

"Hmm, this student looks familiar; are you from Longtai University?"

Almost every person who wanted to enter the Apple store was stopped by Wang Yongsan and asked.

His target was people who wanted to buy iPhones, so waiting here for the right moment was undoubtedly the most efficient approach.

But soon another problem arose.

Wang Yongsan kept standing outside, stopping every person who came by. Some listened to him for a while before signing their names on his paper and taking the items he gave them before leaving.

</div>


Chapter 300:
This scene was seen by the salespeople in the store, who all felt something was off.








The salespeople looked at each other, but despite thinking there was a problem, none of them were willing to be the first to act.

Everyone was whispering among themselves, but no one intended to go out and ask what was happening.

At that moment, the store manager came out.

"What are you all doing? Gossiping during work hours, how unprofessional! We're employees of a fruit specialty store; does our current appearance match that of fruit store employees?" The manager scolded loudly as soon as he appeared, as if the employees of a fruit store were supposed to be superior to others.

The salespeople fell silent, but they couldn't help sneering in their hearts: What was so great about being a fruit store employee? They didn't even earn as much as salespeople from the blue and green factories.

"What happened? What are you all arguing about?" Seeing that everyone had stopped talking, the manager nodded in satisfaction and asked.

A salesperson next to him pointed outside, "Manager, please take a look?"

The manager glanced at Wang Yong outside. At that moment, he was talking to someone who seemed like they were about to enter the store. He couldn't help frowning: "Who is this person?"

The salesperson replied, "We don't know. Earlier, a woman bought three major items here and left after being persuaded by him for a while. Then, just now in the short time it took for three more people to talk to him, they left as well."

The manager widened his eyes: "What? Isn't this causing trouble for us? You bunch of good-for-nothings, you just watched someone cause trouble at our door and didn't even go out to stop them?"

The salespeople all lowered their heads, thinking that with such a low commission on fruit phones, who would have the time to look for trouble?

Moreover, with the manager's bad temper, if they really had a dispute with someone, he would definitely seize the opportunity to punish them and deduct their wages.

Looking at his incompetent subordinates, the manager was so angry that he almost couldn't breathe.

He waved his hand and led the others, taking the lead to walk outside.

Outside.

Wang Yong had just signed a contract with the fifth customer who wanted to buy a fruit phone and was about to send them off when the door of the fruit store behind him suddenly opened from inside.

A middle-aged man who looked to be around forty years old, with his hair neatly combed and shiny, walked out from inside. As soon as he saw Wang Yong, he stared at him and said, "Hey, kid, what are you doing here?"

Wang Yong turned around and apologized, "I'm sorry, I'll be done soon. I'll leave in a bit."

"Done soon? What do you mean done soon? I'm asking what you're doing here! Show me what you have in your hand." The manager reached out to grab Wang Yong's contract.

Wang Yong quickly dodged and then smiled apologetically, "You must be the manager, I really have my reasons. How about this, since I've caused trouble for your store, as compensation, I'll give you a phone. It should be worth 2500 yuan, right? That should cover the commission for ten phones, shouldn't it?"

Wang Yong was not an unreasonable person.

Others were running a business, and he was blocking their door to stop customers; it wasn't very polite.

However, because the manufacturer was too powerful, they gave their employees a low commission. Without considering markup, selling one phone didn't even earn them much money. Some salespeople earned only 2500 yuan a month in commissions.


Chapter 301:
So, the compensation price he offered was quite generous.

However, the store manager refused to accept it.

He pointed at Wang Yongsan's nose with disdain and said, "So it's the army of Rice trying to recruit me? I, the manager of a fruit store, would never use such cheap stuff as Rice. Let me warn you, get out of here now or don't blame me for being impolite."

Hearing this, Wang Yongsan felt unhappy.

What do you mean by cheap stuff?

Nowadays, domestic machines are not what they used to be. Although we have to admit there is still a gap between them and the fruit machines, it's much smaller than before.

Moreover, Rice is a domestic brand after all. As a Chinese person, you can dislike it or not use it, but there's no need to look down on it with such superiority, as if being a fruit store owner would elevate you to another level.

People with real status wouldn't rely on a phone to boost their image, would they?

"What? Don't you agree? Rice is just cheap knockoff brand that relies on imitation to gain popularity. How dare you come to our fruit store? Get out of here now!" The manager shouted arrogantly.

Wang Yongsan sneered, "I'm not leaving. What can you do about it? The store is yours, but the road outside isn't, right?"

"What do you think I can do about it? You are obstructing our normal business. Do you believe I will call the police and have you arrested?"

"Go ahead, call them. I don't believe your fruit store is so powerful that it can forbid people from standing outside."

Wang Yongsan was also angry now.

The manager thought he was just a student who worked as a scalper and came to sell Rice phones outside the Apple store. A few threats should scare him away, but he didn't expect Wang Yongsan to stand his ground instead.

They had encountered similar situations before, and even if the police were called, they wouldn't know how to handle it.

Neither side had broken the law, so after some arguing, they would just go back to their business.

But letting someone stay here would greatly affect their sales.

The manager gritted his teeth and pushed Wang Yongsan, "Are you leaving or not? If not, don't blame me for beating you up."

However, Wang Yongsan now had a constitution of 17 points. Even if he didn't exert any force and let the manager push him, the manager couldn't move him.

After pushing a few times and finding it useless, the manager got angry and ordered his salespeople behind him, "What are you all standing there for? Help me throw him out!"

Although the salespeople were reluctant, they dared not disobey their boss.

But when several of them surrounded Wang Yongsan and tried to lift him up together, he seemed rooted to the ground and didn't budge at all.

As they struggled, a crowd gathered around them, forming a circle to watch the commotion.

--- What's going on? What are they fighting about?

--- I'm not sure. It seems like there is an event happening in this store, and the employees are acting as clowns.

--- But why does it sound like they have a conflict?

--- Yeah, and look at that person in the middle. He's holding a Rice phone in his hand.


Chapter 302:
"That's right, it must be a real-life conflict caused by commercial competition. Haha, I'm going to record this video and upload it online; this time the click-through rate is sure to reach thousands.

A lot of chatter, many people start recording videos with their phones.

Wang Yongsan looks around at the crowd, thinking that some of them might be planning to buy fruit machines. He decides to shout out directly.

"Brothers and sisters, is there anyone planning to buy a fruit machine?"

"Does your family's annual income reach 150,000?"

"Have you started working yet?"

"Although fruit machines are good, you should buy them according to your family's situation and within your means."

"If you want to buy a fruit machine but your family's financial situation is limited, I suggest you adjust your mindset. As long as you are willing to sign a contract with me and give up buying the fruit machine, I will unconditionally give you a rice phone."

"The number of spots is limited, first come first served. Those interested should hurry up and sign up!"








Wang Yongsan is surrounded by people from the fruit shop. Not wanting to hurt them, he loudly promotes his offer to the surrounding crowd of onlookers.

Many people were just there to watch the commotion, but upon hearing what he was offering, they finally understood what was going on.

It turns out that Wang Yongsan is urging people not to buy fruit machines for the sake of vanity. He even offers to pay for a phone himself if someone signs a contract with him and agrees not to buy the fruit machine.

Someone records a video of the scene and uploads it online.

In no time, the topic of fruit AND rice is rapidly climbing up the trending list.

"Strongly Posing as a Pottery at a Fruit Shop, Unrestricted Marketing Hype by Rice House."

"A Phone Costs Tens of Thousands, Is It Really Worth the Money or Just to Satisfy Some People's Vanity?"

"Does Your Family Income Reach 150,000 to Use a Fruit Machine? Three People in the Family Spend 30,000 Just on Phones?"

"Is Buying a Fruit Machine Equal to Vanity or Is Poverty Limiting Your Imagination?"

It's everywhere.

News about Wang Yongsan giving away phones at his fruit shop is all over the internet.

The debate between fruit machines and domestic machines has always been a hot topic, almost every year when new models are released by various companies, it gets hyped up again and again, and each time it manages to create a lot of buzz.

This time is no exception.

Fruit fans firmly stand with the fruit camp, either insulting or ridiculing, mostly saying that rice users have low quality and are all losers.

On the other hand, the rice side is unanimously criticizing those who buy fruit as being foolish or pretending to be cool when they don't have the money.

The reports are everywhere, and naturally, people from Longtai University who know Wang Yongsan see them too.

Some start talking:

"Hey, isn't that Wang Yongsan?"

"What is this guy doing? Making news every other day?"

"But what he did this time is really good; he's giving us rice fans a boost."

"Yeah, seeing those people who are too afraid to even sit in the front seat of a taxi when they go out, but still insist on holding a fruit machine, really makes me angry."

"Haha, these people say Wang Yongsan is a loser, but the zero balance in his bank account might be more than the total savings of these fruit fans' families, that's really funny."

```


Chapter 303:
Thus, the matter of Wang Yongsan being a rich second generation was exposed online.

This turned out to be advantageous, as the Mi fans who were previously criticized as nerds found new ammunition and used this topic to satirize the Apple fans.

At the same time, photos of entrepreneurs and celebrities using domestic smartphones were also posted online. It was no longer just a battle between Da Mibao and Apple; even other domestic brands joined the resistance against Apple.

Wang Yongsan never imagined that the situation would escalate to this extent. He merely wanted to complete his task; in fact, before yesterday, he was using the latest Apple fork.

As more and more people gathered around since his confrontation with the Apple store, only spectators were present, with no one approaching to inquire about the phone. Wang Yongsan couldn't help but sigh inwardly.

"There are still five slots left unfulfilled; I wonder if completing only half of the task would result in a halved punishment." Wang Yongsan murmured to himself.

As the task deadline was approaching, Wang Yongsan instinctively opened his task list to see if there had been any changes in the punishment intensity. However, upon taking a glance, he was utterly astonished by what it displayed.

"This, this is impossible!"

Wang Yongsan was perplexed and thought he must have been mistaken. Because on his task list, it clearly showed that the completion rate had reached 3102/10.

Previously, he had only completed five tasks, but now it clearly displayed that over three thousand one hundred had been accomplished, and this number was still increasing at a rate of about two or three per second.

What happened? Did the system malfunction? That's all Wang Yongsan could think.

What he didn't know was that these three thousand plus people were on the other side of the internet, influenced by his actions and deciding against purchasing an Apple phone.

As long as he persuaded ten people, the task would be completed. Now it had surpassed three hundred times that amount. If calculated based on exceeding the task requirement, how many points would that be?

Wang Yongsan was both anxious and worried, fearing it might all just be a dream.

"Ding! Task time is up."

"The task has been exceeded, rewarding 180 points of Zuoshi (Acting Boldly) points."

Wang Yongsan's unease was finally released the moment the task was announced to have exceeded its requirements. However, the excitement and joy that followed almost made him jump for joy.

180 points of Zuoshi (Acting Boldly) points. Wang Yongsan had never been so wealthy before. This exceeded reward directly multiplied the reward by nine times.

Wang Yongsan felt as if he had stepped on a 100-pound gold brick outside; the sensation was far beyond what completing a task for 100 points could compare to.

"Hahaha, have you guys had enough fun? I'm going home; I won't play with you anymore." Wang Yongsan felt refreshed and laughed heartily at the Apple store employees.

The Apple store manager and sales staff were exhausted; by the end, they only surrounded Wang Yongsan, ensuring he couldn't approach anyone even if they didn't make any sales. When they saw Wang Yongsan leaving, they all sighed in relief.

"Get lost quickly; I'll hire two security guards tomorrow. If you dare come back, they will definitely break your legs." The manager cursed angrily.

```


Chapter 304:
Wang Yongsan couldn't be bothered to pay attention to him.

Yesterday, the mission earned one hundred and twenty points, and today it was one hundred and eight. That's three hundred points in total. He must think carefully about how to use them when he gets back.

But before that, Wang Yongsan needed to go and replace his phone card first.

He had only bought the phone but didn't have time to get a card, and it had already been a day. He wasn't sure if Dr. Lei had called him or not.

Naturally, there were mobile phone shops around the place where he bought his phone.

After Wang Yongsan finished replacing his card, he inserted it directly into the Da Ming phone.

Although he was more accustomed to using the fruit machine, this Da Ming phone had helped him earn so many points from causing trouble. Wang Yongsan felt that this brand could bring him good luck, so he used it directly.

Moreover, he also disliked the arrogant attitude of the fruit shop manager.

As soon as he walked out of the business hall and turned on his phone, a text message came in.

Wang Yongsan opened it and found that it was from Dr. Lei, indicating that the recovery medicine had been prepared. He was going to call Wang Yongsan to pick it up, but his phone was turned off, so he had already sent someone over.

"It's done in just one day?" Wang Yongsan was somewhat pleasantly surprised.

However, Dr. Lei said that he had sent someone to deliver it, but the other party didn't know his exact address. How would they find him?

At that moment, Wang Yongsan suddenly heard a familiar voice behind him calling out.

"Excuse me, are you Mr. Wang Yongsan?"

Wang Yongsan turned around and found that the man not only sounded familiar, but his appearance was also somewhat familiar. However, Wang Yongsan couldn't remember where he had seen the other party before.








"Who are you?" Wang Yongsan looked at the familiar yet unfamiliar man with confusion.

The man cautiously glanced around, noticing that there was no one nearby before pointing to his face and saying, "It's me. Look."

As he held his breath and made an effort, Wang Yongsan was surprised to find that the appearance of the man in front of him was changing rapidly without any warning.

In less than a minute, the man in front of him had transformed into the hound transformation person.

"Damn, it's you?"

No wonder he looked so familiar. The person in front of him was the hound transformation person who had led the way for him in the underground laboratory and had been scared to pee his pants by Wang Yongsan.

The hound transformation person nodded, and then in less than half a minute, he changed back into his human form.

Only then did he say to Wang Yongsan, "This is the effect of Dr. Lei's gene recovery medicine. Dr. Lei said that this medicine is not perfect yet. In human form, if you become too excited or are on the brink of death, you will still transform into a hound transformation person. So be careful when using it."

As he spoke, the transformation person took out a sealed needle from his hand.

Wang Yongsan had been wondering how the person delivering Dr. Lei's medicine knew his exact location. If it was the hound transformation person, there would be no problem.

Taking the medicine, Wang Yongsan nodded to the hound transformation person: "Thank you. You should also be careful. If someone finds out that you are a transformation person, they might capture you for research."

</div>


Chapter 305:
The dog-hunter cyborg grinned: “Don’t worry, I’ll be careful. The doctor is short-handed and needs me to do some odd jobs, so I won’t waste your time.”

“Alright, take care.”

Wang Yongsan nodded and watched the dog-hunter cyborg leave.

With the gene restoration serum, Fang Shengnan’s task could also be completed, adding another fifty points to his total.

Combined with the remaining fifty points from yesterday’s task, his total would reach four hundred points.

“Hahaha! Four hundred points! This time I’m definitely going to draw out a superpower.”

Wang Yongsan excitedly hailed a taxi and headed to Fang Shengnan’s apartment.

What he didn’t notice was that someone had been secretly following him since he left the fruit shop. The conversation between him and the dog-hunter cyborg, as well as the transformation scene, had all been recorded by this person.

“Cultural District has arrived.”

Wang Yongsan got off the taxi and first ordered some dishes at a restaurant in the community before heading to his apartment.

He took out his key and was about to insert it into the lock when the door opened from inside.

Fang Shengnan, with a ragdoll cat face, looked at him with a grievance: “Meow~ You haven’t come for two days. Do you want to starve me to death?”

Wang Yongsan said speechlessly: “Didn’t I buy you so many fish cans?”

“Many? They were all eaten last night.”

“Alright, it’s my fault. Let’s go inside and eat. I have something good for you.”

There was no reasoning with a cat master, so Wang Yongsan apologized without hesitation.

The two entered the house, and Wang Yongsan put the dishes on plates and brought them back to his room for Fang Shengnan to eat.

At this time, Lin Shishu usually wouldn’t return home early. She would eat at the school cafeteria and sometimes have evening classes, which would end before she returned. Or if there were no classes, she would also go to the library to read books.

In short, Lin Shishu was a rare college student who wanted to study hard and change her destiny through knowledge.

After Wang Yongsan gained the piggyback talent, although his appetite increased, eating a meal sometimes allowed him to last for quite some time without feeling hungry.

Seeing Fang Shengnan finish her meal and elegantly lick her chopsticks, Wang Yongsan took out the gene restoration serum.

“What is this?” Fang Shengnan’s eyes lit up.

Her intelligence had increased again these past two days, reaching 35 points. Although intelligence didn’t have a significant impact on logical ability, increasing her intelligence by so much was enough for her to become smarter.

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly: “This should be what you want the most right now.”

“Is it a restoration serum?”

“That’s right.”

As soon as Wang Yongsan nodded, he saw a black shadow flash before his eyes, and the syringe in his hand had already reached Fang Shengnan’s hands.

Although Fang Shengnan’s physique was only a mere sixteen points, she had the ragdoll cat gene. As everyone knew, cats’ reaction speed was incredibly fast, and their movements were much more agile than ordinary people.

Wang Yongsan’s physique was seventeen points, one point more than Fang Shengnan. But if they were to fight physically, he would definitely not be able to match Fang Shengnan.

“Meow~ How do I use this? Just poke it in directly?” Fang Shengnan held the syringe and gestured at her arm.

Wang Yongsan didn’t know either.


Chapter 306:
In the taxi on the way back, he called Dr. Le, guessing that the doctor was doing an experiment and did not answer the call, and there was no reply to the message until now.

He hesitated and said, "Why don't we wait a moment? I'll use it when the person I know calls me back. It's better to avoid any accidents."

"I can't wait a minute. I need it now, meow."

Flower Shengnan's temperament is still so fierce even though she has become a cat.

As she spoke, the needle in her hand had already been inserted into her arm.

The medicine was slowly injected into the blood vessels, and Flower Shengnan's body began to change accordingly. Her ears shrank, the brown fur around her eyes also fell off rapidly, and the cat tail that Wang Yongsan had always wanted to pull was also sucked back as if by magic, getting shorter and shorter.

In less than a minute, Flower Shengnan had returned to her normal human appearance.

"How are you feeling? Are there any discomforts?" Wang Yongsan was a little nervous.

Although she had returned to her human form, if there was something abnormal about her body, it would still be a big problem.

Flower Shengnan looked left and right, touched her arms, then pinched her legs, and finally said, "It seems that there is no discomfort. Instead, some of my previous abilities seem to have been retained."

Wang Yongsan felt a little surprised and used his Qi-observing technique to look at Flower Shengnan.

Her physical strength was still 16 points, but her intelligence dropped from 35 points to 25 points. Although it decreased by ten points, it was still more than 20 points higher than her original intelligence.

"I don't know what happened either, but it is said that this recovery potion has some flaws. This might also be one of the side effects," Wang Yongsan said with a frown.

"What are the flaws?" Flower Shengnan immediately asked.

"After returning to human form, you cannot be too emotional or put yourself in a life-threatening situation. Otherwise, when faced with imminent danger, your body will uncontrollably revert to the modified human state."

That's how it was with the hunting dog modified humans before. At that time, he tried to hold his breath until he was in a state of suffocation, so he reverted back into the hunting dog modified human form.

Flower Shengnan confidently smiled and said, "Don't worry, I am the most self-disciplined person. I won't let myself get too emotional or put myself in a life-threatening situation easily."

"Haha," Wang Yongsan laughed sarcastically.

Flower Shengnan glanced at him and asked, "What do you mean by 'haha'?"

Then Wang Yongsan saw that Flower Shengnan's ears began to grow longer and sharper, and the brown fur around her eyes also regenerated at a visible speed.








"What the hell, Officer Flower? You still dare to say you can control yourself?" Wang Yongsan shouted.

Flower Shengnan had just said she could control her emotions, but as soon as he laughed sarcastically, the guy immediately got angry and transformed.

Flower Shengnan suddenly realized something, blushed, suppressed her anger, and the ears that were transforming quietly retracted back.

"Cough cough, I was just testing whether what you said is true or false. Actually, I'm not angry at all." Flower Shengnan said with a red face.

This woman, although her temper is explosive, she still has some cute aspects.


Chapter 307:
This time, Wang Yongsan did not dare to laugh at her again. He nodded and said seriously, "I understand. Since Officer Hua is fine now, can we leave?"

There were still four hundred points of credit in the Points Mall. Wang Yongsan couldn't wait to draw abilities.

Hua Shengnan nodded and said proudly, "Don't worry. I don't want to stay with you, this stinky brute. Just thinking about having slept on your bed makes me feel uncomfortable all over. I'll leave after taking a shower."

Wang Yongsan urged, "It's so late now. My classmates might come back at any time. Why don't you go back and take a shower?"

Hua Shengnan shook her head and refused, "No. It might be related to the transformation into a cat earlier. I was scared of water for a while. I haven't taken a bath for several days now. Now that I'm back to normal, if I don't wash up quickly, I'm afraid I might get skin diseases."

You bastard, I take a bath every day too!

Moreover, with the school flower helping to wash bed sheets, I'm pretty clean too.

However, Hua Shengnan was just that strong-willed and ignored Wang Yongsan's resistance. She dragged her slippers and went into the bathroom by herself.

Wang Yongsan had no choice but to let her go.

He was still wearing the old clothes he wore when he left yesterday, which were dirty and tattered now. Wang Yongsan simply took them off and planned to change into clean clothes.

Since Hua Shengnan was taking a shower and wouldn't be done for a while, Wang Yongsan didn't close the bedroom door.

However, just as he took off his dirty clothes and was looking for new clothes to change into while wearing only his underwear, he suddenly heard Lin Sisi's voice from outside the door.

"Yongsan, is that you inside?"

Lin Sisi spoke while already sticking her head into the room.

Then, she saw Wang Yongsan, who was wearing only his underwear and rummaging through something, with her own eyes.

Wang Yongsan was stunned for a moment before quickly covering his private parts with his hands and blushing as he said, "Lin classmate, why didn't you knock before coming in?"

Lin Sisi also blushed and took a few steps back, turning around to face Wang Yongsan with her back towards him as she said, "I'm sorry, Yongsan. I just came back and heard someone taking a shower in the bathroom. I thought you were taking a shower, and then I saw someone moving over here. I thought it was some kind of bad guy. Huh? That's right..."

Lin Sisi said this and suddenly asked, "You're in the bedroom, so who is the person in the bathroom?"

Could it be Luo Yusha?

Are the two of them doing that kind of thing behind my back in our rented house?

Thinking about this, Lin Sisi's face turned even redder. Even from behind, one could see that her neck had changed color.

—It must be true. Yongsan is still wearing underwear, which means they were definitely doing it just now.

—Although I had already guessed that their relationship was very intimate, seeing it with my own eyes still makes me feel sad.

Lin Sisi felt a little aggrieved in her heart.

Although she came from a poor family, because she was beautiful, she had always been treated like a treasure. There were very few things that she wanted but couldn't get.

However, in Wang Yongsan's case, she had experienced setbacks several times, which made her feel sad while also becoming increasingly unwilling to admit defeat.

Wang Yongsan quickly put on his new clothes and then scratched his head as he said to Lin Sisi, "Lin classmate, don't misunderstand. The person in the bathroom is Officer Hua. She just happened to come over to borrow water and take a shower."

"Borrowing water to take a shower?"

Lin Sisi didn't believe it.


Chapter 308:
"Don't even mention Officer Hua, a girl going to a boy's house to borrow water for a shower is not appropriate. Even if Officer Hua really doesn't care about these, what was the meaning of you wearing just your underwear?

Is the price for borrowing water to shower first having to do that kind of thing with you?

Lin Shi Shi originally thought it was Luo Yu Sha in the bathroom, but she didn't expect it to be Hua Sheng Nan. This made her angry at Wang Yong San, the playboy who had cheated on her with Luo Yu Sha and found other women, reaching this point.

"Wang classmate, I didn't expect you to be such a person. I really misjudged you." Lin Shi Shi angrily said to Wang Yong San, then went back to her room in a huff.

Wang Yong San wanted to explain, but later thought that letting Lin Shi Shi misunderstand him as a playboy might stop her from liking him anymore. He wouldn't have to worry about hurting her in the future.

A short pain is better than a long one. For Lin Shi Shi not to suffer in the future, Wang Yong San could only accept this misunderstanding.

Hua Sheng Nan finished her shower and happily came out of the bathroom, completely unaware that because she stayed here to shower, she had caused a bad impression on Wang Yong San's character.

However, with her personality, even if she knew, she would only be happy to see his misfortune and say it was deserved.

"Smelly brat, I'm leaving. You better cleanse everything I touched so you don't think of me and fantasize when you sleep at night."

Before leaving, Hua Sheng Nan didn't forget to mock Wang Yong San.

After finally seeing her completely leave, Wang Yong San closed the door.

Lying on the bed, Wang Yong San summoned the Points Shop.

"Purchase three points of physique."

"Ding Dong, Physique purchase successful. Consumed one hundred and twenty points of 'Death by Stupidity' Points. Your physique has been upgraded to twenty points."

After reaching seventeen points of physique, Wang Yong San now reached twenty points, reaching the peak of the Washing Vein Realm. One more point would allow him to break through to the Surge Vein Realm.

At this time, he could use the Surge Vein Pill.

Before, Wang Yong San received one Surge Vein Pill from Xu You You. Then he got three more from Hua Sheng Nan's father, the head of the Chen family, Chen Qi Zhi, and from several group leaders at Zhu Lao's birthday celebration.

Now he had a total of four Surge Vein Pills, enough to advance him to the fourth level of the Surge Vein Realm.

"I'll draw abilities later, let's improve my strength first." Wang Yong San had been waiting for this day.

Taking out the Mysterious Medicine, Wang Yong San first swallowed one down as an experiment.

The Surge Vein Pill melted in his mouth and entered his stomach, immediately turning into intense energy that wildly churned within.

If an ordinary martial artist was here, they would definitely have to use all their strength to refine this pill. Without the help of an Open Vein Realm expert using internal energy to catalyze, they would probably need at least ten days and nights to fully refine these energies.

However, the Waste Tasting Talent was truly a system creation. In just under ten minutes, he had fully digested this intense energy.

That's right, it was digestion.

Like eating and digesting food."


Chapter 309:
When this Pulse-Boosting Pill was completely digested, Wang Yongsan felt an invisible meridian in his body being opened up. The energy within him surged like the mighty Yangtze River, roaring as it flowed through this newly opened meridian.

Powerful energy filled his entire body, and Wang Yongsan couldn't help but let out a long howl.








"Who is so uncivilized?"

"Why are you howling in the middle of the night? Can't people sleep anymore?"

A torrent of abuse from below echoed through the air.

Wang Yongsan was completely unaware that his howl had upset others. Right now, all of his focus was on his body.

"From the Bone-Washing to the Pulse-Boosting stage, although there is only a slight difference in physique, the overall strength increases by more than double. However, to achieve a similar increase in strength within the Bone-Washing stage requires an improvement of five points in physique."

Wang Yongsan looked at his fists and punched the air in front of him.

The fist stopped halfway, but the wind it generated formed a gale that struck the wall opposite, causing a loud "bang" to echo.

It felt as if it had been hit by a powerful punch from an ordinary person.

"A strike in mid-air, two meters away, can exert a force close to that of a full-strength attack from an ordinary martial artist. This is just the Pulse-Boosting stage. If I reach the Perforation stage, where internal energy can be released externally, how powerful would it be?" Wang Yongsan's eyes were filled with longing.

If the difference between the Bone-Washing and Forging Body stages was like that of a child's play, then the difference between the Pulse-Boosting and Bone-Washing stages was a qualitative change.

And when it reached the Perforation stage, this gap between stages would only become larger.

"I still have three Pulse-Boosting Pills, let's eat them first." Wang Yongsan stuffed all three Pulse-Boosting Pills into his mouth at once.

No one would refuse an increase in strength. This continuous feeling of growing stronger was comparable to the most thrilling experience in the world.

Five minutes later,

Wang Yongsan fully digested the three Pulse-Boosting Pills.

Within his body, four meridians had been opened up, and his physique reached 24 points, with martial arts cultivation at the fourth level of Pulse-Boosting.

"I have 260 points left, but before reaching a physique of 25 points, I can use another Pulse-Boosting Pill, saving me 60 points. I should try to save as much as possible."

Wang Yongsan really enjoyed the feeling of his physique improving, but reason told him not to waste all his points on enhancing his physique.

He wanted to draw abilities.

To draw superpowers.

With 260 points, he could draw 26 times.

This time, Wang Yongsan was determined to succeed. Unless all 26 draws failed, he would definitely obtain a superpower.

"Draw abilities."

Wang Yongsan adjusted his mindset and focused to start drawing.

The wheel spun,

The wheel stopped.

"Ding! Congratulations on obtaining Memory Ability (Permanent). Would you like to extract it immediately?"

[Memory: Strengthen brain memory cells, granting the ability to never forget anything.]

The first one was a permanent ability, which made Wang Yongsan feel that his luck today should be quite good.

"Extract immediately and then draw abilities again." Wang Yongsan said calmly.

In the following time, the wheel spun a total of 20 times.


Chapter 310:
Wang Yongsan's forehead had already begun to sweat coldly.

Twenty draws, only one draw got the three-day experience of hypnosis superpower, and the rest were all ordinary abilities.

The only thing that made Wang Yongsan feel comforted was that in the twenty draws, he got a permanent luck ability. Combined with the Seven Injuries Fist, it could increase the attack power by 50% and also enhance the physical defense power by more than 30%.

"Damn it, there are only six chances left. I'll go all out."

This time, Wang Yongsan was determined to break the cauldron and sink the boat.

If he couldn't get a superpower after so many chances, it would be even harder to accumulate so many points again in the future.

"Heaven protect me, give me a superpower, just once will do."

"Nima Tencent's lottery, reaching 200 draws still guarantees a crystal. I've spent two hundred points already, there's no way it won't give me anything."

"Heaven help me, let me draw a superpower."

Wang Yongsan roared loudly, then stared at the ability turntable with his eyes wide open without blinking.

Today has been a continuous failure for twenty times, and two hundred points of credit disappeared in an instant. If it were to draw attributes instead of abilities, at least three points of attributes could still be increased.

Wang Yongsan couldn't remain calm anymore.

However, what was even more unbearable for him was yet to come.

As the speed of the turntable slowed down, it seemed that the pointer was about to stop at a familiar icon known to Wang Yongsan.

This was a superpower that Wang Yongsan had drawn twice before, but both times were just for one day's experience.

However, in front of him now, the icon was the same, but it was marked as permanent.

"Ding! Congratulations on obtaining the permanent control fire superpower. Do you want to extract it immediately?"

Wang Yongsan felt his head explode instantly.

Permanent?

Superpower?

Really drawn it?

Wang Yongsan was so excited by this sudden excitement that his mind went blank, and he almost couldn't believe it was reality.

"Extract! Extract immediately!"

Wang Yongsan shouted it out loud.

A strange feeling surged into his mind, just like the previous two times, Wang Yongsan instantly understood that all of this was real.

He really had a superpower that could be used indefinitely.

"Wahaha!"

Wang Yongsan laughed up to the sky.

Undoubtedly, it caused a round of cursing from upstairs and downstairs again, and this time it wasn't just one or two people, but a group of people cursing him.

The bedroom door was knocked on.

Wang Yongsan only then stopped laughing, closed the credit mall, and went to bed with a face full of uncontrollable joy to open the door.

"Gently,"

The door opened.

Outside the room, Lin Shishi had a stern face with an unhappy expression as she said, "Mr. Wang, could you please be more careful? Making such noises in the middle of the night is too impolite."

"I'm sorry, Miss Lin. I was just so happy and excited that I couldn't control myself. I promise it won't happen again."

Happy?

What is there to be happy about?

Is it because he got rid of himself, or because he did that kind of thing with Officer Hua?

Lin Shishi was actually a little worried about Wang Yongsan just now. She thought that after she said harsh words, he was hit by the blow and went a little crazy.

But now it seems that it doesn't seem to be the case at all.


Chapter 311:
Looking at Wang Yongsan's heartfelt joy, Lin Sisi became even angrier.

"Wang Yongsan, I hate you."

Said fiercely, Lin Sisi turned away angrily.

This big bad guy, who had kissed her but took no responsibility, she had lost her first kiss, and she was so unwilling.

As Lin Sisi left angrily, Wang Yongsan scratched his head, feeling a little puzzled.

"It's just laughing a few times and disturbing your rest. Do you need to hate me so much?"

After closing the bedroom door, Wang Yongsan turned on his computer.

With his cultivation improved and superpowers drawn, he was no longer a small shrimp that everyone bullied. It was time to find trouble with Wang Gang.

Wang Gang and his son had targeted him repeatedly, even going after his family. This time, Wang Yongsan was not only going to make him have nowhere to bury himself but also watch helplessly as he lost his reputation and could do nothing about it.

At the same time,

Thirty miles away from Wang Yongsan's residence, in Longtai City's best residential area, Shang Chenyi Pin Community, building 8, unit 8, floor 18, Wang Gang's house.

At this moment, Vice Mayor Wang Gang was meeting with a man holding a camera.








"Mayor Wang, look." The man adjusted the content on his camera and handed it to Wang Gang.

"Hmm, what is this?"

After looking at it for a while, Wang Gang's face showed excitement.

While others might not know about the modified humans, as Longtai City's executive vice mayor, Wang Gang was not only aware but also specifically responsible for the capture of modified humans.

Wang Yongsan had actually been in contact with a modified human and made transactions openly, which was enough to get him arrested.

"This kid not only crippled Hao Hao but also knows my secret. But this time, you've stepped over the line, and no one can save you, not even Zhu Lao." Wang Gang gritted his teeth with a sinister and ruthless expression on his face.

However, Wang Yongsan was unaware of all this.

He spent half the night changing several IP addresses to post Wang Gang's "heroic deeds" on various websites.

To ensure the authenticity of the event, Wang Yongsan even mentioned where the information came from, clearly stating that it was stolen from Star Flag Bank's secret files. Combined with the previous rumors of Star Flag Bank being robbed, it made this event seem more authentic.

Only after working until the early hours of the morning did Wang Yongsan lie down to sleep.

The next day,

Before Wang Yongsan woke up, he heard people talking outside.

"Hello, may I ask who you are looking for?" Lin Sisi looked through the peephole and saw three black-clad men outside, feeling a bit nervous.

"We are the police. We need to understand something from Wang Yongsan. Open the door quickly." One of the men outside spoke coldly.

Lin Sisi frowned, not relaxing but becoming even more alert instead.

The people outside were clearly tough characters; they didn't wear police uniforms and spoke impolitely.

The main point was that Wang Yongsan had encountered too many incidents recently, and because of her own conflict with Wang Hao, there were several times. She suspected that these people also wanted to harm Wang Yongsan.


Chapter 312:
Although she said she hated the other person, as a self-respecting girl who had given her first kiss to that person, how could she let go so easily?

So Lin Shishi hesitated for a moment before replying, "I'm sorry, but Wang hasn't come back for two days. There's only me here, and it's inconvenient to let you in."

"Is that so? Then excuse us."

The person outside said this, and before Lin Shishi could react to what it meant, she saw one of them punch the door with all their might.

'Bang.'

The safe door was punched through directly.

Lin Shishi was stunned.

This was a metal safe door, not made of paper, so how could it be punched through with one punch?

In the moment she was stunned, the hand that had punched through the safe door had already unlocked the door from inside and opened it directly.

Lin Shishi only came to her senses at this point, taking a few steps back in fear.

She had almost determined that these people were indeed not here with good intentions and were looking for trouble with Wang Yongsan.

"Who are you? It's illegal to break into someone's house. The police station is not far downstairs. You'd better not make any sudden moves," Lin Shishi said with trembling teeth, but she still managed to gather her courage and speak.

"Police station? Can those useless people even control me? Go ahead and report if you want." The black-clad man said disdainfully, then walked straight towards Wang Yongsan's room.

As a martial artist at the seventh level of Qi Meridian, he didn't need his eyes to sense the strong aura in that room.

What slightly surprised him was that according to the information provided above, Wang Yongsan should be far weaker than the person inside the room. Could it be that the person inside was not him?

Regardless, let's see first.

"Hey, stop there! I want to see your ID. If not, I'll call the police."

Lin Shishi didn't believe these people were the police and stood in front of the black-clad man, taking a few steps back while shouting loudly.

She shouted so loudly precisely to remind Wang Yongsan and let him escape while he had the chance.

However, there was only so much space in the living room. After passing through it, you would reach Wang Yongsan's bedroom door.

Lin Shishi's back was already pressed against the bedroom door, and with nowhere else to retreat, the other party continued to approach. Lin Shishi felt despair.

"Stand aside!"

The black-clad man reached out to grab Lin Shishi.

Just when he was about to touch her by a mere ten centimeters, the bedroom door behind Lin Shishi suddenly opened, and a man's hand that was as large but much whiter than the black-clad man reached out from behind Lin Shishi and grabbed onto his wrist.

"Buddy, shouldn't you be gentle with girls?"

The black-clad man snorted coldly and tried to pull his hand back.

However, when he exerted force, he realized that with his strength at the seventh level of Qi Meridian, he couldn't easily pull his hand back from this young man's grip.

"Yongsan, these people are not easy to provoke. You should jump out the window and escape quickly!" Lin Shishi only reacted at this point, pushing Wang Yongsan to make him escape first.

After all, the black-clad man in front of her was someone who could punch through a safe door with one punch.

In Lin Shishi's view, although Wang Yongsan was powerful, he definitely couldn't punch through the safe door with one punch.

Not to mention that there were three of them.


Chapter 313:
Wang Yongsan was pushed by Lin Shishi twice, but he didn't step back because he was afraid that it would embarrass her. However, the strength Lin Shishi used had no effect on him at all, and it seemed too fake if he was pushed.

After thinking for a moment, Wang Yongsan decided to give Lin Shishi some face.

He took a step back and released his grip on the right hand of the black-clothed man.

The black-clothed man was exerting force when he suddenly felt his wrist loosen. He stumbled back three steps in a row and was supported by two people behind him before he managed to stabilize his stance.

"Bastard, how dare you arrest someone?" The black-clothed man was furious with shame.

As a man at the seventh level of the Chong Mai, he was actually toyed with by a young man who had just joined the Supervision Department for less than a month. If this matter were to spread out, he would lose face badly.

He struck out with a punch full of resentment, without holding back at all.

Wang Yongsan's brows furrowed.

If it were just a fight between them, that would be fine, but Lin Shishi was standing between the two of them. The black-clothed man didn't seem to care at all.

Initially, Wang Yongsan had speculated that the black-clothed man might be his colleague who came to find him for some reason, but now it seemed that this was not the case.

"Be careful."

Wang Yongsan's left hand wrapped around Lin Shishi's waist, and his right hand clenched into a fist and swung out.

When the two fists collided, powerful Qi energy splattered and dispersed in all directions.

Wang Yongsan took a step back with Lin Shishi in his arms, while the black-clothed man retreated three steps before barely managing to stop.

"Chong Mai Sixth Layer?" The black-clothed man's face was filled with solemnity.

The information provided by his superiors indicated that Wang Yongsan had passed the Supervision Department's assessment less than a month ago. In such a short time, reaching the Chong Mai stage was already quite remarkable, but he had actually reached the Chong Mai Sixth Layer, only one layer lower than himself.

If initially, the black-clothed man thought that he had been careless and allowed Wang Yongsan to seize his hand, then this time, he truly felt the disparity in strength between him and Wang Yongsan.

It was not just a difference in actual strength, but also an insurmountable gap in talent that made others envious.








Wang Yongsan sneered without explaining.

Although with his superhuman abilities, defeating these three would be as easy as playing a game, he didn't want to kill indiscriminately or expose his fire control trump card too easily.

Therefore, he took the potential pill given to him by Ye Qing last time, and his cultivation temporarily reached the Chong Mai Sixth Layer.

With the enhancement of his luck ability, even against someone at the Chong Mai Eighth or Ninth Layer, Wang Yongsan was confident that he could hold his own.

"Seventh layer, Fifth layer, Fourth layer, it seems that Wang Gang has some capabilities to be able to invite a group leader-level expert from the Supervision Department to do things for him." Wang Yongsan's face showed disdain.

These people attacked without considering Lin Shishi, indicating that they were not from the Supervision Department. Moreover, there was no reason for people from the Supervision Department to arrest him.

As for where these people came from, it was self-evident.

"I don't know who Wang Gang is, but if you think that being slightly stronger than me allows you to arrest me, then you're dead wrong."

The black-clothed man didn't give Wang Yongsan a chance to explain, waved his hand and shouted, "Attack together, don't hold back!"

The two black-clothed men behind him had been ready to move for a long time. At this moment, the three of them joined forces and rushed forward, attacking Wang Yongsan from three directions.


Chapter 314:
"Lin classmate, you hide behind for a while."

Wang Yongsan hugged Lin Sisi's waist and threw her onto the bed behind him, like throwing a doll.

Lin Sisi was startled and only realized that she hadn't been hurt when she landed on the bed.

At this time, Wang Yongsan had already fought with three black-clothed men outside the small bedroom door.

"Extract Cat's Eye experience for one day."

Wang Yongsan suddenly shouted this sentence.

He had drawn twenty-one abilities last night, four of which were Cat's Eye experiences.

The three black-clothed men found that after Wang Yongsan shouted this strange sentence, his strength had increased significantly again.

Their attacks could no longer reach him, while he could easily attack them through the gaps in their attacks.

Bang bang, bang bang.

Four punches in a row knocked down the two weaker black-clothed men.

Then Wang Yongsan reached out with his right hand, grabbed the neck of the man with a seventh-level meridian, and lifted him off the ground.

"Speak, who sent you here?"

Wang Yongsan's eyes were fierce. If the other party was really Wang Gang's man, he might have to kill someone in front of Lin Sisi.

The black-clothed man was still a bit reluctant and struggled to threaten, "You're finished. I told you, we are the police. You not only resist arrest but also attack the police. If you have the guts, kill me. The country will issue a warrant for your arrest and make your life restless forever."

"Police? I've seen many police, but I've never seen a martial artist police officer." Wang Yongsan sneered and increased his grip on the other party's neck, ready to strangle him to death.

Even if the other party was really a police officer, it would be better to die for acting so rudely without asking the facts.

Feeling the increased force on his neck, the black-clothed man began to panic.

However, at this time, his neck was tightly squeezed, and even if he wanted to beg for mercy, he couldn't.

Fortunately, his companions saw this and hurriedly begged for mercy.

"Don't don't don't, don't move first, we really are the police."

"Qin team leader and we are all secret police officers. The secret police is a special department of the country, responsible only for special tasks such as capturing modified humans."

The two secret police officers explained in turn.

Wang Yongsan frowned slightly, and his grip on the other party's neck also loosened slightly.

"You are here to catch modified humans? I'm not a modified human, why did you come to arrest me?" Wang Yongsan asked tentatively.

Hearing the modified human, he thought of Hua Shengnan first and then Liao Bo.

Both of them had a close relationship with him, and if either was discovered, it might implicate him.

Sure enough, Black Clothed Man A honestly replied, "Although you are not a modified human, we received a report that you had dealings with modified humans. Now there is solid evidence. The higher-ups asked us to bring you back for investigation. I'm telling the truth. You can check my credentials and arrest warrant if you don't believe me."

Black Clothed Man A said, slowly taking two items out of his upper pocket at a speed that wouldn't make people nervous.

Wang Yongsan took them with his left hand and flipped through them, confirming that the other party was telling the truth.

He threw the black-clothed team leader on the ground with a slap and said unhappily, "It seems you are used to being arrogant. Why didn't you show these things earlier?"


Chapter 315:
The black-clad man A bitterly said, "We were also worried that you would flee due to guilt, so we wanted to strike first."

Wang Yongsan had only recently undergone gene restoration treatment for hunting dog-type human enhancements. Upon hearing this, he immediately understood that someone had secretly filmed him on that day.

This accusation could be serious or minor, but fleeing due to guilt would undoubtedly be the gravest offense.

Fortunately, Black-clad Man A eventually revealed the truth of the matter. Otherwise, if Wang Yongsan had mistakenly killed him, it would have been a significant incident.

"Wait a moment; I'll call our minister first," Wang Yongsan decided to return with them but was worried that hitting them might cause trouble.

The black-clad men had no choice but to agree since they were outmatched.

After dialing the number, it rang for a while before being answered.

"Hello, Brother Wang, what's the matter?" Ye Qing's voice was calm, indicating he had no knowledge of the black-clad men coming to arrest Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan said, "Brother Ye, I'm currently at Longtai. A few 'Undercover Police' found me and said I had a deal with the enhanced humans. I want to ask if there will be any problems?"

"Undercover Police came for you? How could you have a deal with the enhanced humans?"

"This... is quite a long story, but I can assure you that the other party was just an innocent enhanced human and not a member of Blood Skull."

"Is there evidence against the Undercover Police?"

"It's probably conclusive."

"Ah!!"

Ye Qing sighed deeply.

Being involved with enhanced humans is troublesome since the Undercover Police, though originally from the Supervision Department, are not easy to deal with due to strict regulations.

"Alright, I'll try to help you negotiate this. If the other party didn't join Blood Skull and is just an innocent enhanced human, it shouldn't affect you much." Ye Qing's words made Wang Yongsan feel slightly relieved.

"Thank you, Brother Ye."

"You're welcome. The Undercover Police branch is in Linjiang, not far from us. You should come over with them and avoid any conflicts. I'll go see you once you arrive here."

"Huh?"

"Is there a problem?"

"Uh, Brother Ye, I've already had conflicts with them and even beat them up..."

"..."

There was a long silence on the other end of the line before Ye Qing's puzzled voice came through: "That's not right. To join the Undercover Police, one must reach the Pulse-Filling Realm, and they usually act in groups of three. You're only at the seventh level of Marrow-Washing, how could you possibly beat them? These people can't be fake Undercover Police, right?"

The three black-clad men were almost dying of frustration.

They thought, "How incompetent can a leader be? You said we were at the seventh level of Pulse-Filling, but how did you become the seventh level of Marrow-Washing? It's because of leaders like you who don't take responsibility that we end up in such a mess. You're really too much of a burden!"








Wang Yongsan eventually left with the black-clad men.

After all, they represented a national department, and he did have explanations needed; running away would not only fail to solve the problem but might also cause more severe trouble.

During the journey, Black-clad Man A didn't give Wang Yongsan a good look.


Chapter 316:
And as they entered the territory of Linjiang, Wang Yongsan noticed that the group leader's face began to wear an insidious smirk.

Wang Yongsan shook his head. He had already deliberately held back to avoid hurting them by mistake. If it weren't for that, the three of them would have been dead bodies long ago.

But even so, they still held a grudge against him, which showed how narrow-minded this person was.

"We've arrived at our destination; let's get out of the car."

The car stopped outside a building that resembled a church.

The gate was locked, and a black-clad man approached to unlock it with his iris before the building's doors automatically opened.

"Hurry up; don't even think about escaping here, or I guarantee you won't know how you died." Now that they were in his territory, the black-clad group leader resumed his arrogant and domineering attitude.

He roughly pushed Wang Yongsan with his hand.

Wang Yongsan glared at him, but the man immediately slapped Wang Yongsan across the face, intending to hit him.

He also cursed, "What are you looking at? You dog scum!"

If it were someone who had some understanding of the dark police, they might have endured this humiliation out of fear for the dark department.

But who is Wang Yongsan?

At the moment when the other party's slap was about to hit him, Wang Yongsan tilted his head and slapped back with the same technique.

*Slap!*

The sound was crisp.

A palm print appeared instantly on the black-clad group leader's face, and red blood flowed from his mouth.

"Stop!"

"Don't move!"

The black-clad man and the black-clad woman were no longer as cowardly as before, but the disparity in strength made them hesitant to approach.

At this moment, the black-clad man suddenly pressed a button on his wristwatch, which made two soft beeping sounds.

Then Wang Yongsan saw three people quickly running out from inside the church-like building.

Wang Yongsan activated his Spiritual Vision Technique.

His brows furrowed slightly because these three people were at the peak of the Conduit Realm, and the strongest among them had reached the Perforation Realm.

When the group leader saw these people, he immediately acted like he had seen his father, wailing with a sad face: "Minister, you must uphold justice for me! This little bastard from the Supervision Department not only arrested me but also hit me. Look at my neck and my face; he's not just hitting me, but the authority of our dark department!"

Ling Minister was a man in his forties, and upon hearing this, he looked unkindly at Wang Yongsan.

"You are Wang Yongsan?"

Wang Yongsan answered calmly, "That's right."

"Why did you arrest and hit someone?"

"What do you mean by 'arrest'? If it were truly an arrest, do you think these foxes disguised as tigers could bring me back?" Wang Yongsan sneered, "As for hitting someone, I don't admit to it. I was just acting in self-defense."

"You have a sharp tongue!"

Ling Minister snorted coldly, and with his right hand waving in the air, a formidable internal force burst out from his palm.

This was the unique attack of those at the Perforation Realm, and Wang Yongsan had seen Ye Qing use it before. Its power was comparable to an explosion of explosives.

Wang Yongsan activated his Cat's Eye Technique.

He concentrated all the energy within his body on his feet, and in a split second, he leaped up to dodge the other party's casual strike.

"Hmm, not a slow reaction."


Chapter 317:
```
A miss, and the Minister Ling's eyes revealed a cat playing with a mouse expression. His right hand stretched forward and upward, while his palm pressed down simultaneously.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan was hiding in the sky and immediately felt a tremendous pressure coming from above his head. Then, he was slapped to the ground.

"This slap is a lesson for you to remember that when talking to elders, you should pay attention to your tone." Minister Ling crossed his arms behind his back and walked step by step towards Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan got up from the ground and sneered, "Age doesn't make you an elder. Some people can't distinguish right from wrong, invert black and white, are selfish and protect their shortcomings. They are a bad example for others. I won't respect such people."

"Boy, are you looking for death?"

Minister Ling's eyes turned cold.

Behind him, the black-clothed group leader deliberately shouted loudly, "Minister, please don't be impulsive. Although this young man is disrespectful to his elders, he is a genius. Geniuses are like this. Even Minister Ye favors him and said that he would ensure his safe passage out of here. If you hurt him, it might be hard to explain to Minister Ye."

Wang Yongsan glanced at the black-clothed group leader. It was clear that this person wanted to ruin him.

While saying not to harm him, he was actually using an implicit provocation technique to force Minister Ling into taking drastic action.

This black-clothed group leader had a truly malicious heart.

Sure enough, after hearing the black-clothed group leader's words, Minister Ling sneered and said, "What if he is a genius? Since ancient times, talents are judged by their character first. Those without virtue are more harmful the higher their talent. Today, even if Minister Ye wants to protect him, I won't give this face."

Minister Ling seemed to have lost his temper. As he spoke, he raised his right hand and made a gesture as if swatting a fly.

In the face of a strong warrior in the Broken Orifice Realm, ordinary warriors at the Surge Pulse stage were no different from flies—they could be killed with a single slap.

However, Wang Yongsan was not an ordinary Surge Pulse warrior; he had superpowers.

Seeing that the other party was about to attack him, Wang Yongsan would not sit idly by. White-golden light dots began to gather in his eyes, and as the flame was about to take shape, a loud laughter came from behind.

"Hahahaha! Minister Ling, why get so angry with a junior? If Brother Wang has offended you, I, Ye Qing, apologize to you on his behalf."

The person who arrived was none other than Ye Qing.

Minister Ling was at the second level of the Broken Orifice Realm, and Ye Qing was also of equal cultivation.

However, Ye Qing had fought with a high-level warrior from the Blood Skull in the Western Wilderness two days ago, and now he had an injured arm. If they really fought, Ye Qing might not be able to defeat Minister Ling.

However, they were all serving the country and were influential figures. Even if there were some conflicts, they couldn't really fight to the death.

"Ye Qing, do you want to help him?" Minister Ling asked coldly.

The matter of Wang Yongsan's transaction with the modified humans was both big and small. However, since Wang Yongsan had hit his people just now, if he were to leave unscathed, it would be embarrassing for Minister Ling.

Ye Qing laughed awkwardly and said, "Minister Ling, you know my character. I'm not trying to help him. It's just that Brother Wang's talent is truly remarkable, as you have seen. Young people grow up slowly; we can't help them, but at least we shouldn't deliberately suppress their growth."

Ye Qing glanced at Wang Yongsan. Since they met, he had felt that Wang Yongsan's cultivation had improved.
```


Chapter 318:
Yesterday morning, the two of them just parted ways at the Tianchi Club. It has only been a day, yet they have achieved another seven consecutive breakthroughs in their cultivation, including one major realm.

Such terrifying speed of improvement is enough to make even Ye Qing envious.








However, while envious, Ye Qing attributes Wang Yongsan's rapid progress to his extreme cultivation method.

Thinking back to yesterday morning when Wang Yongsan came back from the dead, his entire body had turned into a corpse and was almost sent to the funeral parlor. If Ye Qing were to practice such a technique, he wouldn't dare to risk his life like that.

Ling Zongmin snorted coldly, "Talent is talent, but talent without virtue. Minister Ye, you are too protective of your subordinates; aren't you afraid of spoiling them?"

Again and again, the other party accused him of being immoral. Wang Yongsan could no longer tolerate it.

"Comrade Ling, you keep saying I have no virtue. Then let me ask you, what do you consider as virtue? Not fighting back when beaten or not replying when scolded? Being framed but silently bearing it all? Only when one is cowardly to a certain extent can they be considered virtuous?"

"Bastard!"

Ling Zongmin's face darkened, ready to explode in anger.

Ye Qing quickly stepped between the two and tried to mediate, "Alright, alright. You two have such similar tempers. Brother Wang has a fiery temper, but Comrade Ling, you're already in your forties. How can you have such a short fuse? It's not good for your health."

Ling Zongmin was left speechless.

It felt like he had become the one at fault.

"Ye Qing, what do you mean? This is my secret department, not your supervision department. We don't interfere with each other. If you have no official business, please leave."

Ling Zongmin was ready to tear apart the relationship.

He couldn't move Ye Qing, but he could easily get rid of him and then deal with Wang Yongsan.

Ye Qing laughed loudly, "Who said I don't have any official business?"

"What kind of official business do you have?" Ling Zongmin asked.

Ye Qing glanced at his watch and murmured, "It's about time. Why hasn't it arrived yet?"

As they were talking, the sound of a helicopter came from outside the church.

Half a minute later, the helicopter landed.

Liu Tu jumped off the helicopter and strode towards Ye Qing and Wang Yongsan.

"Brother Liu." Wang Yongsan greeted him.

Liu Tu waved at him and took out something to give to Ye Qing, "Brother Ye, I brought what you asked for."

Ye Qing took it and laughed heartily, "Now things are looking up. Comrade Ling, you keep saying my Brother Wang has no virtue, but what do you think this is?"

With that, Ye Qing threw the object in his hand towards Ling Zongmin.

Wang Yongsan was puzzled. He only saw that it looked like some kind of medal, as if possessing this would prove his moral integrity.

Ling Zongmin caught the object and looked closely, his expression becoming quite interesting.

This was the Medal of the Republic, one of the highest-ranking hero medals. It was usually awarded to fallen heroes and living recipients found it nearly impossible to obtain such an honor.

It was rumored that there were fewer than ten people in the country who had received this medal.


Chapter 319:
And Wang Yongsan, due to the previous fake death incident, Ye Qing helped him apply for a hero-level martyr.

Although it was later proven to be a misunderstanding, the title of martyr and the condolence funds were withdrawn, but this Republic Medal was approved.

It was just finished today and was brought over by Liu Tu.

Ye Qing said so many useless things just to wait for Liu Tu to get this medal.

With the Republic Medal, it cannot be said to despise the law, but all crimes committed within the country must be sentenced with the minimum penalty and must be announced by the state department as guilty or innocent.

That is to say, once Wang Yongsan wears this medal, Minister Ling has no right to judge him.

If Wang Yongsan is willing, he can cooperate with the investigation,

If not, Minister Ling has no right to force him to stay and assist in the investigation.

"Okay, okay, I didn't expect that even after Old Zhu retired, he could still be so well-connected. I admire, admire."

Minister Ling can't be unhappy,

This is the Republic Medal after all. There are at least 300 officials like him, but citizens with the Republic Medal are less than ten.

This is the gap.

"You can go now."

Minister Ling casually threw the medal back to Ye Qing and turned to leave.

At this moment,

Another voice interjected.

"Wait."

Everyone looked over, and at this time there were seven people walking from the gate.

One of them, Wang Yongsan had seen before, was the new president of Xingqi Bank.

Seeing the person coming, both Ye Qing and Minister Ling became vigilant.

Wang Yongsan felt something was wrong, and after using the technique of looking at Qi, he understood why.

It turned out that among these people, there was actually a high-level master of breaking acupoints, even higher than the black-robed man he met in Xixiang Blood Skull Base.

You know,

After reaching the breaking blood realm, let alone improving a small level, even if it is just to break through another acupoint, the strength will also be a huge gap.

Last time Ye Qing and Chen Qizhi joined forces, but they still couldn't defeat the black-robed man. Instead, Ye Qing's arm was injured severely. This time facing a person from Xingqi Bank who is one realm higher than the black-robed man, their tension can be understood.

"It's you? I wonder what Xingqi Bank has to do with our dark department?" Minister Ling asked.

After all, it was his territory, even if the strength was not as good as the other party, he couldn't be suppressed in momentum.

"Hehe, don't worry, Minister Ling, we came here and have nothing to do with your dark department." Xingqi Bank President said with a smile.

Minister Ling snorted coldly: "Nonsense, if it has nothing to do with our dark department, then why are you here?"

Xingqi President raised his hand and pointed at Wang Yongsan: "We are here for him."

Wang Yongsan had guessed that these people might be looking for him.

Yesterday, he spread a lot of information, maybe someone found his IP address access traces, combined with the content of the message he released, Xingqi Bank locked him as a robber is not impossible.

But Wang Yongsan guessed wrong.

Xingqi Bank actually did not lock him as a robber, but Wang Gang bit him back before he died.


Chapter 320:
Because of the large amount of information he released, Wang Gang was taken away by people from above for investigation at noon today. Being "double regulated" is a sure thing.

So before Wang Gang was taken away, he called Xingqi Bank and insisted that it was Wang Yongsan who stole his stored items. This way, even if he died, he could use Xingqi Bank to take revenge for his son.

Xingqi Bank had never found the real murderer before and many people had already started doubting their abilities.

So this time, when Wang Gang took the initiative to come forward, they didn't even investigate and directly determined that Wang Yongsan was the criminal.

"Everyone, can someone tell me what's going on?" Ye Qing blocked in front of Wang Yongsan and asked.

Everyone could see that the big show Xingqi Bank put on was definitely not a small matter.

And Xingqi Bank had a special status, belonging to an international force.

Chinese people believe in treating guests with respect, so when conflicts happen, they often reflect on themselves. Even if it was the foreigners' fault, they would still apologize voluntarily.

Even the Medal of Honor was only useful within domestic forces and laws; it had no effect on these foreigners.








Xingqi Bank's president walked up to Wang Yongsan and Ye Qing with his people and boasted, "I'm sorry, this is a private matter between Xingqi Bank and Mr. Wang Yongsan. We won't disclose it to outsiders until it's completely resolved."

Ye Qing frowned and said, "But Wang Yongsan is under my supervision. If you want to find him, shouldn't you inform me first?"

"Hahaha, I am informing you now, Ye Minister."

The Xingqi president laughed and said before looking at Ling Minister and saying, "I'm also informing you, I'm taking someone away now. Do you have any objections?"

"I do."

Ye Qing stood in front of Wang Yongsan and said seriously, "Although Xingqi Bank is an international force, you have no right to take my people away without reason. Not to mention that Wang Yongsan is a supervisor, even if I were an ordinary citizen, you couldn't just take me away."

Ye Qing's words were powerful.

Wang Yongsan stood behind him and felt a sense of pride rising from within.

Indeed, sometimes due to international interests, we might need to make some compromises. However, it's undeniable that there are still people with fiery spirits in the leadership circle.

Moreover, as our country becomes stronger and stronger, it's impossible for these foreign dogs to continue doing whatever they want like before.

"Minister Ye really intends to stop us?" Xingqi president squinted his eyes and said in a deep voice.

Ye Qing's expression remained unchanged as he spoke righteously, "I don't want to repeat myself again. If you have any issues, you can follow the proper procedures and let our superior at the supervision department handle it. Taking our people away privately is absolutely impossible."

Xingqi president smiled slightly and provocatively said, "But what if I insist on taking someone away today?"

```


Chapter 321:
"Ye Qing said every word: 'We Chinese people are used to convincing others with reason, but this does not mean we are weak and can be bullied. If someone is unwilling to talk to us reasonably, we can also use our fists to tell them that we Chinese are not easy to provoke.'

[Applause]

Fragmented applause.

Xingqi Bank President clapped his hands while retreating: 'Very good, very good. Minister Ye has backbone, but if there is a diplomatic dispute today, it will all be because of you.'

After saying that, he had already retreated to his own team.

In his place, the other three stepped forward.

The foreign master of Broken Vein Four Layers' voice was hoarse: 'I will watch over the others. You go and catch people. If there is resistance, you can kill them on the spot.'

Together with the Broken Vein master, two blonde-haired blue-eyed peak Conduit cultivators walked forward.

The two agreed and walked towards Wang Yongsan's side.

Ye Qing tensed up all over, and the breathing of the other side's Minister Ling also became heavy.

A gentleman can be killed but not humiliated.

These foreigners actually wanted to act tyrannically in their territory. As the host, if they endured this, it would be more uncomfortable than death.

The black-clothed team leader who had been watching the situation beside him saw that his minister's momentum was rising and seemed to have the intention to participate in the battle, so he quickly stepped forward and advised quietly: 'Minister, these are foreigners. If you fight with them, no matter who wins or loses, you will definitely be punished by the higher-ups. Anyway, this kid is from the Supervision Department. With Minister Ye here, let's not get involved in other people's business.'

Minister Ling tilted his head and glanced at the black-clothed team leader: 'Do you think this has nothing to do with our secret department?'

The black-clothed team leader nodded repeatedly: 'Yes, with Minister Ye here, if we make a move, it would be overstepping our authority. Besides, this kid…'

A 'pa' sound interrupted him.

Before he could finish his words, someone slapped him flying.

This time, he flew several meters away before falling to the ground with a 'puff'. When he climbed up from the ground, half of his face was swollen from being slapped.

'Minister, why…'

'Shut up.' Minister Ling shouted coldly and glared at him: 'From today onwards, you are no longer a member of our secret department. We Lushan Secret Department does not have a dog traitor like you who eats inside and sells outside. Get out of my sight immediately.'

Wang Yongsan looked back.

Just now he felt that Minister Ling was somewhat showing off his seniority and being overprotective, but now when he looked at Minister Ling again, he felt much more pleasing to the eye.

'Hahaha, old Ling, have you thought it through? Once you get on our boat, there might be a price to pay.' Ye Qing laughed loudly. With Minister Ling's help, his pressure was immediately reduced by more than half.

'Nonsense, I am a secret department personnel. I have dealt with foreign dogs more than you. At most, I will resign after the incident. If I want to watch foreign dogs show off their might in front of us, I can't do it.'

Minister Ling strode forward and stood beside Ye Qing, like two mountains protecting Wang Yongsan behind them.

Do Chinese people love fighting among themselves?

Yes, in our five thousand years of history, we have spent more than half the time fighting each other."


Chapter 322:
However, looking at the progress of world civilization, whose history is not paved with blood and gunpowder? The reason why there are only internal wars in our history is because there are no enemies that can compete with us, so we can only fight among ourselves.

The four ancient civilizations have been passed down for thousands of years, and only our Chinese civilization still stands in this world.

Even if there was a moment when we almost perished, we eventually pulled through and quickly revived again.

What is the reason for all this?

It is because of people like Ye Qing and Ling, the Minister with their strong willpower, who are willing to sacrifice themselves to protect national interests even when they know it is impossible. They represent the millions of Chinese people who have this spirit.

Those close to a cinnabar become red, and those close to ink become black.

Wang Yongsan stood behind Ye Qing and Ling, feeling the fiery spirit of patriotism from them, and clenched his fists tightly together.

"Brother Ye, Uncle Ling, this matter started because of me, so let me handle it."

Wang Yongsan's voice was not loud, but everyone could hear him.

Ye Qing and Ling turned around and said seriously, "Brother Wang, don't act impulsively. Today's matter is probably not as simple as you think."

Ling, the Minister also said, "That's right. As a genius like you grows up, you may break the existing power balance. If I were from another faction, I would try my best to stop you before you grow too strong."

Hearing this, Wang Yongsan realized that he might have been naive.

A master of breaking meridians is already the top combat power in today's world. Even with the strength of Star Flag Bank, there cannot be too many masters at this level.

Neither the Longtai Star Flag Bank branch nor the Linjiang Star Flag Bank branch would be worth a master of breaking meridians to come and support.

Moreover, this supporting master of breaking meridians is at the fourth level, clearly sent to deal with Ye Qing and Ling.








Wang Yongsan realized his naivety, but he did not want to change his decision.

"Uncle Ling, Brother Ye, why don't we do this? You two stay on the sidelines and watch. After I finish dealing with everyone else, we can join forces to take care of Skeleton Eye together."

Skeleton Eye is the master of breaking meridians from Star Flag Bank, named by Wang Yongsan because his eye sockets are too deep, making him look like a living skeleton.

Ye Qing worriedly said, "Brother Wang, they have two masters at the peak of the meridian-breaking stage and three more at the ninth level. Can you handle it?"

Wang Yongsan laughed, "Don't worry. If I knew more about the meridian-breaking stage, I would have tried to take care of Skeleton Eye as well."

To others, this sounds like blatant bragging.

However, Wang Yongsan did consider trying to spar with the master of breaking meridians from the other side.

He has control over fire superpowers, which are powerful enough to harm even a master of breaking meridians who cannot withstand the scorching heat of 1400 degrees Celsius.

However, masters of breaking meridians are too formidable. Wang Yongsan is not sure if his flames can hit the target, and he cannot guarantee that before he burns the other party to death, they won't slap him to death first.


Chapter 323:
So, to be on the safe side, he decided to go after some small fry first.

Ye Qing wanted to say something more, but was stopped by Minister Ling.

"Ye Qing, I think we should let him try. Wang Xiaoyou's combat skills are much stronger than those of ordinary peak Qi Refinement cultivators."

Earlier, Minister Ling had thrown a punch that Wang Yongsan had dodged. Although it was just a casual strike, in the eyes of an expert, it revealed many things.

After being convinced by Minister Ling, Ye Qing reluctantly agreed with some concern.

Wang Yongsan stepped forward and, at the same time, he opened the Points Shop to extract Telepathy and Logic abilities secretly.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan was not only boosted to the sixth level of Qi Refinement by the Potential Pill, but he also had Luck, Telepathy, Logic, Cat's Eye, Gluttony, Body Coordination, a memory ability that was useless in combat, and the Fire Control superpower, which he didn't plan to use easily.

With so many abilities combined, Wang Yongsan wasn't sure what level he was at.

However, he estimated that it should be enough to deal with other Qi Refinement cultivators.

"Come on then."

Wang Yongsan waved his hand casually towards the two in front of him, looking very relaxed.

The two peak Qi Refinement cultivators from Star Flag Bank had been waiting impatiently. Seeing that Wang Yongsan, who was clearly of a lower level, dared to challenge them, they became even more furious.

"Fuck!"

"You're dead!"

The two cultivators attacked simultaneously, without any hesitation to gang up on him.

This was not a sparring match but a fight that concerned their pride and even their lives. Moreover, foreigners were not as particular about face as the Chinese; they cared more about tangible benefits than face.

The speed of a peak Qi Refinement cultivator was already quite fast.

In the blink of an eye, they had reached Wang Yongsan's side.

Telepathy and Logic activated, the two men's attack patterns appeared a second ahead in Wang Yongsan's mind.

Under the effect of Cat's Eye, their speed was further slowed down by ten times.

A cold smile appeared on Wang Yongsan's lips as he used the Luck ability to concentrate all his strength in his fists and punched out fiercely.

The two iron fists roared with the sound of wind, striking later but arriving first, and hit their chests heavily.

"Crack! Crack!" Two sounds echoed.

Even though the two men had reacted in time and retreated to reduce some of the force, they still heard two sounds of bones breaking.

Everyone was stunned by this unbelievable scene.

One against two,

peak Qi Refinement against the sixth level of Qi Refinement,

yet in just one exchange, it was the two peak cultivators who were injured and forced to retreat.

Even though Ye Qing and the others had already highly regarded Wang Yongsan, they still couldn't comprehend this outcome.

Minister Ling widened his eyes and excitedly said to Ye Qing beside him, "See? Not only has Wang Xiaoyou's cultivation improved rapidly, but his observation skills, reaction speed, body coordination, and the way he uses the Seven Injuries Fist are all at the Master level. Even you and I might not be able to do better than him, right?"

Ye Qing sighed and said, "Old Ling, don't flatter us. If I had Wang brother's comprehensive combat skills, even two of you wouldn't be able to stop me."


Chapter 324:
Ling Zongzhang laughed heartily and said, "That's right. It's because we are all at the Broken Orifices Realm, and our combat skills don't contribute much to our actual fighting ability. At the Qi Circulation Realm, his abilities would be enough for him to defeat these foreigners."

Ling Zongzhang's words were accurate.

Wang Yongsan also didn't expect that after he had activated so many abilities, facing a Qi Circulation Peak cultivator would be like dealing with elementary school students.

No, not even elementary school students. These two Qi Circulation Peak cultivators were at most kindergarten seniors.

"Come on, there are still three over there. Don't waste time. All of you come together." Wang Yongsan waved to the experts from Star Banner Bank.

These foreigners didn't care about face, but their temper was quite strong.

They were probably used to being superior everywhere else, and now that they saw someone not taking them seriously, each of them seemed to have lost their parents, howling and rushing up to gang up on him.

However,

Although the number of people increased the difficulty for Wang Yongsan to deal with them, it was still within an acceptable range.

With a burst of ferocity, the five foreigners were all knocked to the ground.

Wang Yongsan patted his hands, smiled mockingly and said, "I thought you were so powerful. Is this your level? Want to take me away? Too weak!"

"Humph."

Skeleton Eye's eyes narrowed, making him look even more like a skeleton.

The president of Star Banner Bank had already lost his previous arrogance and was now somewhat nervously asking Skeleton Eye to help, "Mr. Paul, the honor of our Star Banner Bank depends on you. Please act quickly and capture this arrogant yellow-skinned monkey."

In terms of fighting, Wang Yongsan might not be able to surpass the other party.

But when it came to insulting others, all these people combined wouldn't be as good as Wang Yongsan who had been wandering around campus.

After the president of Star Banner Bank finished speaking, Wang Yongsan immediately interjected, "Whoever you are, I think you're the monkeys. Look at your yellow hair. In our country, your ancestors are first-class protected animals."

Skeleton Eye's Mandarin was not very good, so he asked the president of Star Banner Bank, "What did he say?"

The president of Star Banner Bank said angrily, "He cursed you as his ancestor and called you a golden monkey."

"F*ck!" Skeleton Eye was furious at once.

As powerful as he was, wherever he went, he was revered by thousands of people. When had he ever been cursed at his ancestors?

He attacked with rage, and a powerful and unmatched force burst out from his fists.

This force was far more powerful than Ling Zongzhang's casual blow just now, and it reached Wang Yongsan in an instant. Even though Wang Yongsan had already reacted, he couldn't avoid it at all.








Skeleton Eye's attack speed was too fast and too sharp. Seeing that it had reached Wang Yongsan, there was no way to dodge at this moment.

"I'm done for."

Wang Yongsan tried his best to dodge this attack, but his body couldn't keep up with the speed of his thoughts.

At this moment, two iron fists came from one side and the other from behind Wang Yongsan.

The fist peaks sprayed out the inner strength that only Broken Orifices Realm experts could release, and hit Skeleton Eye's incoming inner strength with a thunderous force.

A loud explosion echoed!


Chapter 325:
As if a hand grenade had exploded.

Then, with the point of impact as the center, a violent gust of wind swept out in an arc towards all sides. Wang Yongsan was shocked to find that even the scattered remnants of this force were not something he could easily resist.

Tada, tada, tada, tada.

Wang Yongsan was pushed backward continuously by this force, and his clothes were cut open with a series of gashes.

On his face, arms, and neck, there were also fine bloodstains caused by the remnants of this force just now.

"Brother Wang, are you alright?" Ye Qing supported Wang Yongsan from behind with one hand, finally stabilizing him.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan felt his internal energy churning, and only then did he realize how great the gap between the Breakthrough Realm and the Pulse-Filling Realm was.

"Brother Ye, I'm fine." Wang Yongsan calmed down for a while before responding.

Ye Qing took a step forward, blocking Wang Yongsan in front of him, his expression solemn as he said, "Brother Wang, let me and Minister Ling handle the rest. If we still can't hold them off, you must find a chance to escape from here first."

"How can this be? They came for me, I can't just watch you both fall into danger while I run away first." Wang Yongsan said firmly.

Ling Bu also took a step forward and said to Wang Yongsan, "My friend Wang, don't be impulsive. I and Ye are important officials of the state after all. Although Star Flag Bank belongs to an international power, they dare not do anything to us. Once you leave, they will naturally stop."

Although this was the case, it was difficult to control the intensity of a battle between experts. Sometimes, when they fought desperately, life and death were truly just a matter of moments.

Wang Yongsan possessed the superpower of controlling fire, although with his strength, he couldn't withstand any attack from the other party, but if he were to 'ignite' them, they might not be able to withstand it either.

However, controlling fire was his trump card; revealing it would only make the other party more cautious and potentially cause more trouble.

Wang Yongsan quietly retreated, seemingly waiting for an opportunity to escape, but in reality, he was preparing to 'ignite' them at any moment.

"Mr. Paul, this is not our home court; please finish it quickly and don't let this kid escape." The Star Flag president saw Wang Yongsan retreating and hurriedly reminded the skull-eyed man.

In fact, even without him saying anything, the skull-eyed man was already ready to attack.

However, with two Breakthrough Realm experts blocking the way, it wasn't that easy for him to kill Wang Yongsan first.

"Minister Ye, Minister Ling, are you really not planning to give me the person?" The skull-eyed man's voice was hoarse, but as he spoke, he took out a long, thin object from his trouser pocket that was about 20 centimeters in length.

Seeing the object the other party took out, Ye Qing and Ling Bu's expressions also became solemn.

However, neither of them retreated, instead they both said in unison, "Absolutely not."

The skull-eyed man's lips curled up, his eyes narrowing as he said, "Since that's the case, please try my Holy Sword."

After saying these words, the skull-eyed man's expression suddenly became sharp, and with a flick of his right hand, the long, thin object in his hand suddenly emitted a faint glow.

Then, an unbelievable scene unfolded.


Chapter 326:
As the aura of the skeleton eye rose, the elongated object gradually extended as well. A faint light column stretched straight out from its top, reaching a length of about one meter two or three.

The object in the skeleton eye's hand had become a light sword, with the solid elongated object serving as its hilt.

"What is this thing?" Wang Yongsan's eyes lit up, and he muttered subconsciously.

Before coming with Ye Qing was Liu Tu, who pulled him back a bit and whispered an explanation: "Brother Wang, this is called Xuan Qi. Only experts at the Breakthrough Realm can control it. It allows internal energy to be released and condensed into a fixed form, reducing consumption while increasing power."

Wang Yongsan frowned and asked: "Then does Brother Ye or Minister Ling have it?"

Before Liu Tu could answer, Ye Qing and Ling Minister had already demonstrated the answer through action.

Ye Qing's hand, which had worn a pair of semi-transparent silk gloves that were now emitting weak light.

Ling Minister's hand held a pair of fist spikes, with the spike tips being where internal energy could gather.

"Be judged!"

The skeleton eye held the light sword and made the first move.

Ye Qing and Ling Minister's faces changed, and they shouted together: "Kill!"

They both rushed forward from left and right.

The sword slashed out, as if the air was being cut apart.

A punch and a palm brought forth thunderous sounds.

The battle between Breakthrough Realm experts was earth-shattering, and now that both sides were using Xuan Qi, the intensity of the fight was elevated to another level.

Their speed was so fast that they seemed to become three beams of light, making it difficult for Wang Yongsan with his cat's eye ability to fully capture their every move.

Wang Yongsan had originally thought that with his super ability, he could barely fight a Breakthrough Realm expert to a draw.

Now it seemed that when these experts took things seriously, his flames would likely be avoided before they could even form.

"Zheng!"

A sword swiped across, leaving a blood line in the sky.

Ye Qing's right arm, which had been injured during his last battle with the Blood Skeleton expert and hadn't fully healed, was now being exploited to its fullest extent by his opponent who was two realms higher.

He got injured.

"Brother Ye!"

Wang Yongsan called out, tightly clenching his fists.

Next to him, Liu Tu advised: "Brother Wang, let's leave this place quickly. I'll take you away from here first."

Wang Yongsan shook his head.

While it was true that running away when you can't win is a wise choice, there are times when it doesn't apply.

At this moment, in this place, with Ye Qing and Ling Minister blocking the front, and being on his own country's home turf, if he didn't dare to resist even in such a situation, when would he ever dare?

Keep running away forever?

Wait until he could reach the Breakthrough Realm through his work system, or draw a few more powerful super abilities?

That would take too long.

Wang Yongsan couldn't wait that long, nor did he want to.

In the past, it was always the work system that forced Wang Yongsan to take risks, but this time he wanted to do it on his own.

"Brother Liu, you should hide a bit further away first. Don't get involved in this later on." Wang Yongsan turned to Liu Tu and said.


Chapter 327:
Liu Tu's eyebrows furrowed, and he felt that Wang Yongsan was being a bit stubborn this time. He was about to scold him when he suddenly saw a white golden flame appear in Wang Yongsan's eyes.








Liu Tu was startled by Wang Yongsan's appearance and swallowed the words he had prepared to say.

Wang Yongsan didn't care about Liu Tu's shock, and his full attention was on the skull eye.

Igniting a flame to target an opponent requires a very short time, about 0.3 seconds at most. Most people wouldn't react in time.

However, the reaction speed and physical agility of a Breakthrough Realm expert are too fast. If they discover something amiss beforehand, there's a real possibility they could dodge the flame attack.

Thus, Wang Yongsan was waiting for an opportunity.

"Zheng zheng."

Two more swords struck the target.

"Old Ling," Ye Qing's left hand reached out into the air and grabbed a gust of internal energy, pulling Ling Minister back more than a meter.

Ling Minister's shoulder clothes were torn apart, with two wounds about ten centimeters long on both shoulders. The flesh rolled back to reveal the white bones beneath.

If Ye Qing hadn't grabbed him just now, Ling Minister's two arms would have been completely severed.

"Ye Qing, it seems we're going to lose today," Ling Minister said with a solemn expression.

Although he had temporarily sealed the wounds on his shoulders with strong internal energy, it was only treating the symptoms and not the root cause. Once a battle started, his two shoulders wouldn't be as flexible as before when they were uninjured.

They were already at a disadvantage without injuries, and now that both of them were wounded, there was no chance of winning.

Ye Qing also frowned slightly. He had glanced back earlier and saw that Wang Yongsan was still standing there without leaving. If he waited for the two of them to be defeated, Wang Yongsan would be doomed.

"Liu Tu," Ye Qing shouted and ordered Liu Tu: "Take Wang brother and leave immediately."

"Ah? Okay, Ye Ge," Liu Tu was stunned for a moment before nodding in agreement.

But before he could act, the skull eye had already taken action first.

"Do you still want to leave? It's too late!"

The skull eye's Holy Sword slashed through the air.

In an instant, a faint silver light chain sliced out, as if it were splitting the sky in two, coming down towards Wang Yongsan and Liu Tu.

"Don't hurt my brother!"

Ye Qing also went all out, meeting the silver light chain head-on with a palm strike aimed at the opponent.

If the other party defended, they would have to abandon this attack.

The skull eye frowned and simply gave up on attacking Wang Yongsan, focusing all his strength to try and severely injure Ye Qing first.

However…

"Now!"

Wang Yongsan had been using Mind Reading to observe the skull eye's next move, and only when this moment arrived did he find a guaranteed opportunity.

His pupil suddenly contracted, and the white flame in his eyes trembled slightly.

The skull eye's sword was about to come down when he suddenly felt the temperature around him rapidly rise. He screamed inwardly that something was wrong and desperately tried to withdraw and retreat.

But at this moment, Ye Qing's attack had also reached him. If he didn't chop down with this sword, Ye Qing's attack would hit him and cause significant injury.

One side was an unknown danger.

The other side was a visible attack.


Chapter 328:
The Skull Eye subconsciously chose to chop down Ye Qing first.

‘Zheng~’

A metallic clash echoed.

The Skull Eye's Holy Sword was indeed stronger than Ye Qing's punch. Upon contact, Ye Qing's Xuan-tier gloves were directly split into pieces, and even Ye Qing himself was sent flying for over ten meters before crashing onto the ground with a ‘bang’.

"Wa~!"

Ye Qing quickly stood up after rolling over. As soon as he stabilized, he spat out a large mouthful of blood.

"Brother Ye."

"Ye Qing."

Liu Tu and Ling Bu Ming both became tense and hurried to his side to check on his injuries.

At the same time, a more tragic scream came from the opposite side.

"F*ck, what is this thing? It's so hot; it's burning me alive! Why can't I put out this fire? Why? Aaaaaah~..."

At that moment, the Skull Eye had a white-golden flame burning on his shoulder.

The flame was not large, only the size of a fist, but the heat it radiated made even those at the Breakthrough Realm feel alarmed.

The Skull Eye's shoulder was quickly charred. If not for his strong internal energy resisting, that entire shoulder would have been completely incinerated by now.

--- What's going on?

Ye Qing, Ling Bu Ming, Liu Tu, and the other police officers from the Dark Division were all stunned.

They had never seen such white-golden flames before, nor did they know where this flame came from.

Liu Tu suddenly remembered the white-golden spark he saw in Wang Yongsan's eyes earlier.

He quickly turned his head and exclaimed with joy, "It's Brother Wang; this flame is released by Brother Wang!"

Ye Qing and Ling Bu Ming were initially stunned but then simultaneously turned their heads to look at Wang Yongsan.

At that moment, Wang Yongsan's eyes were still fixed on the position of the white-golden flame, continuously fueling it with his spiritual energy.

If not for the Skull Eye moving slightly, that flame would have directly burned his head.

However, now it was only burning his shoulder, and it couldn't instantly kill him.

"My God, Mr. Paul, what happened to you?" Xingqi Gang's president was horrified.

He knew the Skull Eye's strength; he had never seen him so embarrassed before.

Moreover, that white-golden flame seemed impossible to extinguish. Despite Paul's formidable internal energy, he couldn't dispel it from his body either.

"Quickly, help me; I'm going to be burned alive! Quickly lend me your protection." The Skull Eye cried pitifully.

Within just a few seconds, his entire arm had turned to ashes.

The flame on his shoulder started spreading towards his chest and neck.

If it burned past ten seconds, with his neck severed, even if he kept his head, death would be inevitable.

Xingqi Gang's president hesitated for a moment before taking off his necklace and handing it to the Skull Eye under repeated urging.

This necklace was very beautiful, with a pendant emitting azure glow.

Wang Yongsan's first thought was that it was a Xuan-tier necklace, but the glow emitted by this pendant was clearly higher than that of the light sword and Ye Qing's and Ling Bu Ming's Xuan-tier artifacts.

"High-grade Xuan Artifact - Cadillia's Frost Protection?"

Ling Bu Ming's exclamation solved Wang Yongsan's confusion.


Chapter 329:
This is indeed a Xuan artifact, and it's an upper-grade Xuan artifact.

Xingqi Bank President is not a strong Breakthrough Realm cultivator and cannot use ordinary Xuan artifacts.

So this Xuan artifact is still an upper-grade, automatically triggered type without level restrictions. It's worth a fortune to describe it.

Skeleton Eye took the necklace and immediately infused his internal strength, fully stimulating its effects.

The next moment,

The necklace emitted a blue-ice light, instantly enveloping Skeleton Eye's entire body.

Wang Yongsan's flame condensed by controlling fire went out when it encountered this layer of blue-ice light film, emitting a steam-like gas.

The flame went out completely.

"Damn it, you've burned me like this. I've changed my mind. I won't kill you. I will turn you into a human puppet, making you unable to live or die." Skeleton Eye gritted his teeth.

At this time, Ye Qing and Ling Minister had lost most of their combat effectiveness.

Wang Yongsan's White Gold Flame could not burn through the protection of an upper-grade Xuan artifact.

As Skeleton Eye took a step closer to him, Wang Yongsan finally felt desperate.








At this point, Wang Yongsan was too late to escape.

He still had 50 points of death points, but it took ten seconds to extract abilities, and superpowers were not easy to extract. He didn't have enough spiritual power to use superpowers either.

After calculating, Wang Yongsan felt that he seemed to be doomed no matter what.

Ignite,

Ignite,

Wang Yongsan struggled to the death, and two balls of white gold flames descended on Skeleton Eye's head one after another.

However, with the protection of that upper-grade Xuan artifact, each time the white gold flame just ignited, it would seem to encounter a basin of cold water, making a 'sizzling' sound and being extinguished.

"Brother Wang, it's useless. Cadellia's Frost Guard is a defensive Xuan artifact specifically designed to counter Xuan techniques. It has excellent defense against flame-type Xuan techniques. You can't hurt him." Ye Qing explained helplessly.

Flame meets frost and is exactly suppressed.

Wang Yongsan felt that his luck today was really terrible.

Ye Qing had just been broken by Skeleton Eye's sword, and it would take a long time to condense his internal strength again.

Ling Minister, although almost having his shoulder cut off, still had some combat effectiveness at this time.

He blocked Skeleton Eye's path forward and assumed a defensive posture: "Mr. Paul, let's stop here. You have lost an arm. If we continue fighting, I may not be able to defeat you. Why must we fight until both sides suffer?"

Skeleton Eye had turned into a red-eyed man at this time.

His arm was completely burned away and could not be reattached.

That arm had three acupoints that he had broken through with great effort. Just losing these three acupoints would reduce his strength by 30%, not to mention the other inconveniences of losing an arm. He might now drop a rank.

But even if he was only at the Breakthrough Realm Third Layer, it would be enough to eliminate a fully intact Ling Minister.

Moreover, Ling Minister was injured at this time and could only exert about 60-70% of his strength.

"Those who block me... die."

Skeleton Eye had gone mad and swung his sword without mercy.


Chapter 330:
Ling Zongzhang was backed by someone and could not dodge, so he had to grit his teeth and use his fists to meet the attack head-on.

However, no matter how hard his fist spikes were, they were no match for the light sword.

As their fists and swords clashed, Ling Zongzhang was already at a disadvantage within five rounds.

The gap between each small stage of the Broken Orifices Realm was significant, not to mention that Ling Zongzhang was severely injured at this time. Finally, when the seventh sword descended, his fist spikes were chopped into pieces.

Then another slash came down, flipping Ling Zongzhang to the ground.

"Hahaha, no one can protect you now, right?" Skull Eye laughed arrogantly.

He stepped towards Wang Yongsan with a light sword stained with Ling Zongzhang's blood.

Wang Yongsan was filled with hatred.

He had never desired power as much as he did now.

"Bastard, if I survive today by some chance, one day I will make you pay with your blood." Wang Yongsan's teeth were bitten through by his anger.

But this world was like that; it was always the strong who preyed on the weak.

The weak only had the right to shout; if the strong wanted you dead, they had a hundred ways to make sure you couldn't survive.

The only way to change fate was to become stronger oneself.

Unfortunately, Wang Yongsan had no chance now.

Skull Eye's face was filled with ridicule as he gently raised his right arm holding the light sword and then slashed down, aiming straight at Wang Yongsan's right arm.

Wang Yongsan did not dodge; he couldn't even if he wanted to.

In the final moment, Wang Yongsan used all his strength to punch towards the opponent's abdomen. Although this punch might not be able to hurt the other party, it represented Wang Yongsan's struggle and his courage to fight rather than surrender.

A dull sound echoed.

The expected pain of having his arm cut off did not come; instead, Skull Eye was punched flying twenty meters away before crashing to the ground.

"How is this possible?"

Wang Yongsan was stunned.

He looked at his fist, unable to understand why this punch had such immense power.

Could it be that all martial artist realms were just paper tigers? In front of the system, they only had the qualification to lick their boots?

Wang Yongsan looked at his fist and couldn't help but laugh foolishly. If that was the case, then he wouldn't have to die today!

"Hey, what are you daydreaming about?"

A rough voice came from behind Wang Yongsan.

Before Wang Yongsan could turn around, he heard Ye Qing and others scream in surprise.

"Chairman Chen."

"Old Chen, why are you here?"

Wang Yongsan already knew who it was; he even recognized his voice.

When he turned around, it was indeed him.

"Chairman Chen, did you just help me?" Wang Yongsan only realized now that Skull Eye wasn't defeated by him.

However, he never expected that Chen Ran's father, the chairman of Tianlong Group, Chen Tianlong, would be a master at the Broken Orifices Realm and even stronger than Ye Qing, Ling Zongzhang, and Skull Eye.

Chen Tianlong said sternly, "Of course. If I hadn't returned from my business trip today, all of you would have disgraced our nation."

Ye Qing and Ling Zongzhang both lowered their heads, feeling embarrassed to speak.


Chapter 331:
Chen Tianlong was once the Minister of Supervision in Lu Shan Jianghu. Due to some matters, he stepped down later. When he said such words, no one dared to disobey him in the room.

"Young man, why are you here? Where is Ranran?" Chen Tianlong's face was somewhat gloomy.

A few days ago, he had to go on a business trip because of the company's issues. As soon as he left, his subordinates reported that the young lady wanted to cultivate her feelings with her boyfriend and had driven them all away. When these subordinates received Chen Tianlong's order to secretly follow Chen Ran again, they found that she had disappeared.

Therefore, Chen Tianlong ended his trip early to look for his daughter. He came here because his subordinates told him that Wang Yongsan had been captured by the secret police, so he came directly to look for him.

"Mr. Chen, I actually... well..."

Wang Yongsan hesitated and his face looked like he had eaten a fly.

The reason why Chen Ran insisted on making him her boyfriend was to use the excuse of dating to get rid of Chen Tianlong's surveillance. After Chen Tianlong left that day, Wang Yongsan never saw her again and had no idea where she was now.

Chen Tianlong realized something was wrong, his expression became even more severe, and he grabbed Wang Yongsan's collar and lifted him in front of him to shout, "Stop talking nonsense! Where is Ranran? Tell me quickly!"

"Mr. Chen, it's not that I don't want to say, but I really..."

Before Wang Yongsan could say he didn't know, a "ding" suddenly sounded in his mind.

"New task released."

"Current task: Demolish the temple."

Wang Yongsan was stunned.

Demolish a temple?

It's said that one should not destroy ten temples but rather ruin a marriage. The last task was already about regretting an engagement, so could this one be similar?








While Wang Yongsan was having all sorts of thoughts, the prompts from the System of Self-Destruction continued to broadcast.

"Task description: Faith can give people strength and guide them in the direction of life, but some cults use various sacred names to brainwash their followers into becoming puppets. As the embodiment of justice, the system host, please dismantle the Holy Lord Church located in Northwest Province, Tianshan City within three days."

"Task requirements: 1) Find the real headquarters of the Holy Lord Church and destroy it, 2) Rescue Chen Ran who is trapped in the Holy Lord Church, 3) Find and possess the exquisite Xuan Qi of the Holy Lord Church - the Qi Ling Crystal."

"Task completion rewards: 50 +20 +5 points of self-destruction credit, failure penalty -2 Jiazi lifespan."

What the hell!

When Wang Yongsan heard that he needed to rescue Chen Ran, he knew why the task was triggered.

This young lady is really up to no good; she's causing trouble in Lu Shan Province and has now gone to Northwest Province, and even got caught by the Holy Lord Church.

Seeing Wang Yongsan remain silent, Chen Tianlong's worries grew even heavier. He suppressed his inner restlessness and spoke to Wang Yongsan in as gentle a voice as possible, "Young man, tell me the truth. Where is Ranran? As long as you tell me, I promise not to beat you up."

Wang Yongsan swallowed and confirmed, "You're serious?"


Chapter 332:
He understood that if he told Chen Tianlong about his beloved daughter being trapped in the Holy Lord Church and possibly undergoing brainwashing, Chen Tianlong's protective love for Chen Ran would undoubtedly cause him to lose his temper. At that time, he would definitely be the first person affected by Chen Tianlong's wrath.

Chen Tianlong's voice changed as he panted heavily, "I, Chen Tianlong, always keep my word. Do you tell me or I'll cripple you?"

"Minister, please don't be impulsive."

Ye Qing quickly spoke to stop him.

When Chen Tianlong was a minister, he was still just a team leader. Whether it was his strength or status, he was inferior to Chen Tianlong. If the other party didn't listen to him, he wouldn't be able to do anything about it.

Ling Minister also advised, "Old Ye, please calm down a bit. Wang Yongsan must not be lost."

Chen Tianlong didn't buy their account. This rough and tough man was fearless, had fought for the country, and had narrowly escaped death several times without frowning. But once something involved Chen Ran, Chen Tianlong would become particularly cautious and concerned.

Seeing Wang Yongsan hesitate so much, Chen Tianlong's heart was in his throat. He almost couldn't resist using torture to extract a confession.

Wang Yongsan also realized that not speaking would be fatal, so he quickly coughed dryly and said, "Mr. Chen, actually your daughter is with me to avoid your sight. I can only tell you that she went to the Holy Lord Church in Northwest Province. She said she would be there for half a month, and she should still be there now."

"Northwest Province, Holy Lord Church?"

Chen Tianlong frowned and said, "There's only the Loudhorn Church in Northwest Province. When did a Holy Lord Church appear?"

Wang Yongsan spread his hands, "I don't know about this. I heard it from Chen Ran myself. She left with a stern threat not to tell you where she was going, but I can understand your feelings as a father. I realized that my concealment caused you trouble. If you agree, I'm willing to accompany you to Northwest Province and bring Chen Ran back."

Everyone listened. It's said that people are most likely to tap into their potential when faced with life and death. Wang Yongsan was scared by Chen Tianlong's momentum, felt the threat of death, and even such an honest person like him began to fabricate lies. Not only did he push the responsibility onto Chen Ran, but he also pretended to be kind and offered to help find her.

Chen Tianlong was extremely angry, but when he saw Wang Yongsan's eyes filled with sincere remorse, he couldn't bear to lose his temper.

At that moment, Skull Eye finally climbed up from the ground and said to Chen Tianlong with a gloomy face, "Chen Tianlong, have you forgotten what happened back then? You were still a public servant of the Chinese nation and received such severe punishment. Now that you are just an ordinary person, do you dare to go against our Star Banner Bank? Are you not afraid..."

"I'm afraid of your mother!" Chen Tianlong slapped him across the face.

Skull Eye was talking excitedly when he suddenly saw a huge palm flying towards him from afar. He quickly raised his hand to block it. However, he was at the fourth level of breaking the acupoints, and now that he had lost an arm, his actual strength was at most the third level of breaking the acupoints. Chen Tianlong, on the other hand, was at the sixth level of breaking the acupoints, and his strength far surpassed him.

Skull Eye's hand had just raised halfway when he was already hit hard on the face.


Chapter 333:
As if an ordinary person was hit by a truck, the skull-eyed man's entire body flew out horizontally, his teeth clattering and falling out.

"Fuck your mother, when I was in a high position, I could kill anyone I wanted. Now that I only have some money left, what do I have to fear? If you dare to talk back, I'll kill you right now."

Chen Tianlong was feeling frustrated when this golden-haired man rushed over to get beaten up.

To be honest, after slapping him and scolding him fiercely, Chen Tianlong's mood also relaxed a lot.

He turned his head and stared at Wang Yongsan, saying, "Kid, you wanted to accompany me to Northwest Province, right? I'll take you with me. If we find Ranran safe and sound, but if anything happens to her, even if it's just a single hair missing, I'll shoot you on the spot."

"Yes, yes."

Wang Yongsan nodded repeatedly and didn't dare to argue.

Chen Tianlong waved his left hand, and the "Cardinal's Frost Guard" hanging around Skull Eye's neck flew directly into his hand.

"Chen..." The Star Banner Bank president wanted to speak, but as soon as he uttered a syllable, Chen Tianlong's gaze made him swallow the rest.

"What? Do you have any objections?" Chen Tianlong asked coldly.

The Star Banner Bank president had a bitter expression on his face and shook his head, "No, no objections."

He wasn't just any Star Banner Bank branch president; he was the eldest son of a board member, and this Xuan-grade necklace belonged to his family. Even if he lost it, he would face punishment from the family.

But facing Chen Tianlong, he really didn't dare to ask for it back.

"If you have no objections, then shut up so you don't speak out of turn." Chen Tianlong snorted coldly.

Then, without even looking at the others, he directly grabbed Wang Yongsan by his collar with his right hand and lifted him like a chicken, disappearing outside the Dark Department's gate in just a few leaps.

Tianlong Group headquarters, private airport.

Wang Yongsan followed Chen Tianlong onto a luxurious private plane.

The flight crew was doing the final checks.

From Linjiang to Northwest Province, even by plane it would take three or four hours; there was no point in being anxious now.

"Kid, you know Xuan Shu? Who taught you?" Chen Tianlong sat across from Wang Yongsan and asked seemingly casually.

Chen Tianlong had been informed of everything about Wang Yongsan, including the fact that he was a "Limit Cultivator." He knew about it too.

But compared to Limit Cultivators, being able to use Xuan Shu at the Conduit Realm was something Chen Tianlong saw with his own eyes but still couldn't believe.








Wang Yongsan had been silent the whole time, and even when he was seated across from Chen Tianlong on the plane, he had no intention of speaking up.

In his heart, he was always thinking about how to become stronger.

The feeling of powerlessness when facing Skull Eye, even with the control fire superpower, he couldn't guarantee killing him.

Later when Chen Tianlong carried him like a chicken, it was the same.

Although he had saved him just now, being protected like a chicken wasn't a pleasant feeling.

"I'm sorry, but that's my secret." Wang Yongsan replied coldly.

</div>


Chapter 334:
Chen Tianlong chuckled, as if he had lived for so many years and had seen all kinds of people. At a glance, he knew that Wang Yongsan was eager to become stronger due to his disheveled appearance.

"Tell me, I can help you become stronger," Chen Tianlong's voice was full of temptation.

This was the Xuan Art, which was rare in today's society. Those who could reach the level of breaking through the acupoint realm were even rarer.

However, although they were few in number, they could still be seen in the upper echelons of society.

But someone like Wang Yongsan, who was only at the Qi Condensation realm but could release Xuan Art and whose flame power even made it impossible for the advanced acupoint realm experts to resist, was truly incomprehensible.

Hearing Chen Tianlong's temptation, Wang Yongsan suddenly raised his head.

"Really? How can you help me?" Wang Yongsan asked excitedly.

He was now desperate to become stronger, otherwise what would he do if Star Banner Bank came looking for trouble after returning? Or if they were even more despicable and went after his family?

Relying on others all the time was not a solution.

Chen Tianlong did not speak but took out a bottle of medicine from his pocket: "There is a Qi Condensation Pill inside, which can help you improve your cultivation to the fifth layer of Qi Condensation. There are also ten White Sun Pills, which can greatly increase your internal strength reserves."

"Although you have improved your strength rapidly, you don't have time to practice internal strength. These White Sun Pills will be very helpful for you."

Wang Yongsan shook his head: "This is not enough."

Although Wang Yongsan's internal strength was scarce, he had the talent of a glutton. Not only could it temporarily supplement metabolic energy, but eating normally would also increase his internal energy limit.

As long as he had enough food and time, he could eat the equivalent of these ten White Sun Pills in less than half a month.

"I want one Qi Condensation Pill and the Xuan Artifact you just snatched from those foreigners." Wang Yongsan asked for a high price.

Chen Tianlong was stunned and asked, "But this is Star Banner Bank's brother. I can give it to you, but are you not afraid of being hunted down by Star Banner Bank?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head: "They are already hunting me down, so what's there to fear?"

The Frost Guard of Cadillia was an upper-grade Xuan Artifact, but it could only defend against Xuan Art attacks. To put it in simpler terms, it was a magic defense equipment.

However, there were too few people who knew Xuan Art in this world.

Chen Tianlong originally thought that the thing was beautiful and somewhat useful, so he wanted to give it to Chen Ran as a gift to coax her back home. He didn't plan on using it himself.

Now that Wang Yongsan wanted it, Chen Tianlong hesitated slightly before nodding in agreement.

"I can give it to you, but you must first answer my question clearly. Why can you use Xuan Art when you are only at the Qi Condensation realm?" Chen Tianlong asked again.

Wang Yongsan frowned and thought, thinking that you were forcing him to make up a story.

However, for these two items, Wang Yongsan decisively gave up his principles.

"This… I'll tell you, but you can't spread it outside," Wang Yongsan said mysteriously.


Chapter 335:
He said this, and Chen Tianlong believed even more that what he was going to say was true. He also seriously said, "Don't worry, I, Chen Tianlong, guarantee with my life that I will not reveal this secret without your consent."

Wang Yongsan nodded three times before fabricating, "Actually, I once ate a strange fruit. From then on, I found that I had the ability to see through fire molecules. As time went by, I gradually gained control over these fire molecules at will, allowing them to form real flames."

"Strange fruit? How strange? What does it look like?" Chen Tianlong asked like a curious child.

Wang Yongsan demonstrated with his hands, "It's about this big. The outer skin is red like fire, and the inside heart is also red with many white gold-like dots, similar to sesame seed-sized seeds."

"Hmm..." Chen Tianlong's eyebrows furrowed even more tightly.

If it were someone who didn't know anything, upon hearing Wang Yongsan say this, they would easily think of a mutated fire dragon fruit.

However, Chen Tianlong was not an ordinary person. He had once been fortunate enough to see a document that recorded fruit-type treasures, and upon recalling it now, he felt there might really be such a fruit.

"So that's how it is. No wonder you, at such a young age, can use martial arts. You really hit the jackpot." Chen Tianlong's eyes showed a complex expression.

An extreme martial artist who has eaten a treasure and can use flame-type martial arts, with an acceptable temperament. If it weren't for his tendency to attract trouble, this young man would indeed be a good son-in-law candidate.

"Mr. Chen, I've finished answering. Can you give me the items now?" Wang Yongsan felt uneasy under Chen Tianlong's gaze and could only muster the courage to ask.

Chen Tianlong snorted and casually threw the medicine bottle to Wang Yongsan before handing him the high-grade martial artifact "Cadilliac's Frost Protection" that he had put away earlier.

Wang Yongsan grinned and took both items.

For just making up a story, he gained so many benefits; this could be considered the most valuable story in history.

Wang Yongsan opened the bottle and took a look, somewhat unexpectedly saying, "Mr. Chen, you said before that there would only be the Stimulation Pill and this Frost Protection thing. I'll give back the White Yang Pill."

As he spoke, he took out the Stimulation Pill and handed back the remaining White Yang Pills along with the bottle.

"Pfft, you're looking for death?" Chen Tianlong was startled.

This was the first time he had seen someone consume martial medicine like this.

Although he was not polite to Wang Yongsan, Chen Tianlong actually valued him quite a bit. He immediately grabbed Wang Yongsan's clothes and was about to use his internal strength to catalyze the medicinal effects.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Wang Yongsan was startled.

This was on a plane; there was no place to escape if Chen Tianlong wanted to do something like that to him. If Chen Tianlong really did, he would truly be helpless and have nowhere to turn for help.


Chapter 336:
Chen Tianlong was in a hurry. These were ten White Yang Pills, containing immense energy. Even if he helped catalyze them, there was no guarantee that the other party wouldn't be blown up by the energy of Xuan Pills.

However, at this moment, Wang Yongsan was still struggling, deliberately not allowing him to proceed smoothly.

"Be honest!" In his haste, Chen Tianlong directly pressed Wang Yongsan onto the floor of the plane with one hand and pressed the other hand against his waist.








[Second Update]

Wang Yongsan cried out internally, "It's over! It seems my chrysanthemum is doomed today. I was still a virgin, planning to give it to Luo Yishao on our first night together."

Unexpectedly...

Wang Yongsan felt like crying but had no tears. His strength was far inferior to Chen Tianlong's, and he couldn't move at all under Chen Tianlong's weight. All he could do was shed tears of humiliation.

However, after more than a minute had passed, Wang Yongsan realized that Chen Tianlong's hand had been pressed against his waist without any further action.

At this moment, Chen Tianlong's heart was filled with shock.

"Where are the pills?"

"Where is the energy?"

"You said you would be blown up, but why does it feel like there's calm within your body?"

"Could it be that I gave him fake Xuan Pills?"

If it were the Surge Meridian Pill, after Wang Yongsan swallowed it, his stomach would first convert the Surge Meridian Pill into energy and then spend time injecting this energy into various parts of his body to complete the improvement of his physique.

However, the White Yang Pill was a pure energy-type Xuan Pill, similar to easily digestible food. Although the energy content was high, it was still relatively easy to digest.

Wang Yongsan knew the characteristics of these pills, which was why he swallowed them all at once. If it were Surge Meridian Pills instead, he wouldn't have eaten so many at once.

"Mr. Chen? Mr. Chen?"

Wang Yongsan, pinned to the floor of the plane, called out to Chen Tianlong in a panic.

"Huh? What's wrong? Are you okay? Do you feel like your body is about to explode?" Chen Tianlong was startled awake and quickly asked with concern.

Wang Yongsan had a woeful expression on his face: "Mr. Chen, I don't feel like my body is about to explode. However, if you continue pressing me down like this, my waist might break!"

Chen Tianlong's face turned red as he released Wang Yongsan.

Once Wang Yongsan stood up, his first action was to move away from Chen Tianlong.

"Cough cough, Mr. Wang, it was my impetuousness just now. But why didn't you have any reaction after I gave you the White Yang Pills?" Chen Tianlong was still puzzled.

In fact, if he had observed Wang Yongsan's aura carefully, he could have sensed the changes within him.

Unfortunately, Chen Tianlong was fixated on the idea that the White Yang Pills were ineffective for Wang Yongsan and never imagined that the other party could digest ten White Yang Pills in less than a minute.

Wang Yongsan had eaten someone else's things and felt guilty about deceiving them, so he spoke frankly: "Mr. Chen, my stomach is quite strong. The White Yang Pills you gave me have already been digested by me, so of course there won't be any more reactions."

"Digested?"

Chen Tianlong was stunned for a moment before realizing that Wang Yongsan's aura had indeed become stronger than before.

Chen Tianlong was completely speechless.

Limiters could release Xuan techniques, and now there was another trait of having a good appetite.


Chapter 337:
Of course, Chen Tianlong didn't believe that someone could have such a good appetite. The result was obvious: it must still be the additional effect of that miraculous fruit.

"Ah~"

Chen Tianlong couldn't help but sigh repeatedly.

Why couldn't he encounter such good things?

It was too wasteful for a pretty boy like him to find the miraculous fruit.

In the following time, Wang Yongsan used the same trick again and swallowed the Dantian Pill. Unsurprisingly, it caused Chen Tianlong to lament his unfair fate once again.

Tianshan City was approaching.

The plane landed at an open-air airport.

Chen Tianlong and Wang Yongsan walked out of the airport, surrounded by people dressed in long robes like monks.

Chen Tianlong randomly pulled a monk-like guy aside, stuffed a stack of money into his hand, and asked, "Lama Monk, have you heard of the Holy Lord Church?"

The Lama Monk shook his head, returned the money, and replied in Mandarin that was not very fluent, "I'm sorry, there is only the Lama Church here, and no Holy Lord Church. We poor monks have no fortune to enjoy worldly wealth. May the Lord bless you if you have money."

The "Lama" here was not referring to the horn but a deity. It was called Lama Church because it sounded similar to the horn in Mandarin.

Chen Tianlong was not discouraged. He made a gesture of homage and asked again, "Then may I ask, do you know where the Holy Lord Church is in Northwest Province? Are there any other churches besides the Lama Church?"

The Lama Monk shook his head again: "As far as I know, the entire Northwest is under the rain of the Lama God. There are no other churches, and I have never heard of the Holy Lord Church."

This was strange.

Chen Tianlong looked at Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan immediately waved his hand and said, "Mr. Chen, I heard from Chen Ran that it was the Holy Lord Church, but she sounded very certain at that time. It shouldn't be fake."

"Then why would the Lama Monk say there isn't one? He didn't even take the money. Could it be that he would cheat me?"

What Chen Tianlong said was also what Wang Yongsan was thinking.

These ascetic monks not only didn't accept money but also never enjoyed good food and drinks. They even intentionally made themselves look miserable and exhausted. The harder they suffered, the more they practiced Taoism.

Wang Yongsan had heard in school that some ascetic monks went on pilgrimages, taking one step and kneeling down to kowtow towards the sacred mountain.

There were also ascetic monks who had to hold their hands up for life. Even when sleeping, they had to lean their arms against the wall and keep them upright.

These people's willpower was not ordinary, so they should not lie casually.

However, the system, as an extraordinary existence, was even less likely to provide incorrect information.

Therefore, the truth could only be that the Holy Lord Church was an underground organization. Otherwise, if it were just an ordinary temple, Chen Ran's personality should not be interested in it.

Chen Tianlong was familiar with his daughter. Unless she went to blow up the Buddha's head, she would indeed not go to some ordinary temples.

"This is troublesome." Chen Tianlong felt worried.

His company's influence did not extend to Northwest Province, and due to special reasons, there was no martial arts regulatory department set up here.


Chapter 338:
Chen Tianlong couldn't find anyone to help him here. It would be quite difficult for him to locate the hidden Holy Lord Church.

"Mr. Chen, I think we should go check out the headquarters of the Horn Church first. We might find something there," Wang Yongsan suddenly suggested.

He had just read through the mission description again, and one sentence made him ponder.

That was—

"Under various sacred names, brainwashing followers into their puppets."

Brainwashing followers into puppets suggests that these people already have followers. It's likely that the Holy Lord Church is a new organization formed by evil individuals within the Horn Church.

As for how to brainwash people into puppets, it would only become clear after finding the Holy Lord Church.

Chen Tianlong hesitated for a moment before nodding and saying, "We can only do this for now."

The two took a taxi to the headquarters of the Horn Church. This massive temple had a history spanning over a thousand years, and some ancient trees required four or five people holding hands to encircle them.

Chen Tianlong bribed his way through, offering three incense sticks wherever he went.

Although the people of the Horn Church were not greedy, they took great care with their offerings. Seeing Chen Tianlong's generosity, they were also more friendly towards him.

What Chen Tianlong wanted was their favor so he could inquire about the Holy Lord Church from them.








Chen Tianlong and Wang Yongsan asked as they walked, but everyone they asked claimed to have never heard of the Holy Lord Church.

However, the two noticed that although everyone said they didn't know about the Holy Lord Church, there were a few individuals whose eyes flickered noticeably when answering, suggesting they were hiding something.

"Damn it! If these people don't speak up, I'll beat them until they do. I refuse to believe we can't get the truth out of them!" Chen Tianlong's patience was wearing thin.

His fists clenched, making a series of cracking sounds as he prepared to grab someone and use violence to extract information.

Wang Yongsan quickly grabbed him, "Mr. Chen, don't be in a hurry. Let me try asking first."

"What the hell? I spent money and still couldn't get anything out of them. What makes you think you can?" Chen Tianlong replied irritably.

Wang Yongsan shamelessly said, "Mr. Chen, you have a sharp aura and a fierce expression. These monks might be afraid of you and thus dare not speak the truth to you. But look at me—I have a sunny, friendly appearance. Maybe they'll feel more comfortable around me and tell me the truth?"

"…"

Chen Tianlong looked at Wang Yongsan from top to bottom and found that the young man's appearance was indeed much more amiable than his own.

"Alright, you go try first. But I'll only give you three chances. If you still can't get anything out of them, I'll just start tearing down their temple!" Chen Tianlong said.

He was now at the sixth level of the Broken Meridian Realm. In this world, there were certainly stronger individuals than him, but they wouldn't be too numerous.

In a remote place like Northwest Province, it was even questionable whether there were any experts at the Broken Meridian Realm. If he lost his temper, no one could stop him.

Wang Yongsan didn't doubt Chen Tianlong's strength, but he knew that their mission had three parts—finding Chen Ran and tearing down the temple were only two of them. The third was to find that top-grade magical device.


Chapter 339:
Although the top-grade Xuan Artifact only offers five points of reward, it is precisely because of this that the value of the artifact itself must be extremely high. In fact, it is likely that the most valuable aspect of this mission lies in that top-grade Xuan Artifact.

"Don't worry, Mr. Chen; three people will suffice." Wang Yong took full responsibility for this task.

This time, Wang Yong walked into the temple on his own, with Chen Tianlong following him from a distance of thirty meters behind.

"Hello," Wang Yong stopped a monk with a loud voice.

"Greetings, sir. May I know what brings you here?" the monk asked politely.

"Look into my eyes," Wang Yong pointed to his own eyes and instructed.

The monk looked at Wang Yong's eyes, and then his gaze became fixed in a daze.

Hypnosis can be triggered not only by sound but also by visual images, actions, or even scents.

Wang Yong had drawn this hypnosis superpower twenty-one times in a row, along with the permanent control over fire. Now that he had extracted it, he immediately put the monk under hypnosis.

"Tell me, have you heard of Shengzhu Jiao (Saint Lord Sect)?" Wang Yong asked in a low voice.

The monk nodded, "Yes."

"Is it located here?"

"Yes."

"Where exactly is it?"

"In the Luofu Loubao Hall at the back of the mountain, there is an entrance to the underground in the inner hall. The Saint Lord Sect is located beneath the ground."

At this moment, Chen Tianlong had also quietly approached. With his hearing and vision at the Broken Meridian Realm, he had already learned from afar that Wang Yong's questioning was effective. Excitedly, he began to rush towards the Luofu Loubao Hall without hesitation.

Wang Yong had originally intended to inquire further about the Saint Lord Sect, but seeing Chen Tianlong already heading inside, he could only follow suit.

"Mr. Chen, wait for me!" Wang Yong followed behind him but found it quite challenging to keep up.

Chen Tianlong slowed down slightly but did not stop moving forward. The deeper they went, the more numerous and larger the halls became, becoming denser as well. However, at the very back, near the mountain's rear, there was only one hall remaining.

Undoubtedly, this must be the Luofu Loubao Hall. The hall was grandiose, with a height of over five meters at its entrance alone. There were seventy-two steps made of white jade leading up to the door, and on both sides of the entrance stood pillars carved with strange statues. Each pillar was coated in gold.

There were guards at the entrance of the hall who, upon seeing Chen Tianlong rushing towards them, immediately formed a line to block his path.

"Halt! This is the Luofu Loubao Hall; only core members of our sect are allowed entry."

From a distance, Wang Yong had used his Qi-sensing ability to detect that these four individuals were all at the Surge Meridian Realm. However, even they could not stop him or Chen Tianlong, who was at a higher level.

"Get out of my way!" Chen Tianlong shouted loudly and waved his hand in the air.

The four monks were immediately sent flying backward, crashing into the stone walls outside the hall and falling unconscious, their lives hanging in the balance. Since these monks were not telling the truth, Chen Tianlong had already concluded that they were not good people. Moreover, there might still be someone inside waiting for them; who knew what dangers they would face? At this moment, he had no time to waste on these deceitful individuals.

Chen Tianlong quickly entered the hall, followed closely by Wang Yong. The interior of the hall was decorated a hundred times more luxuriously than its exterior.


Chapter 340:
A golden figure resembling a horn stood at the center of the grand hall.  Twelve monks with horns sat cross-legged on the ground, chanting sutras with their eyes closed.  When Chen Tianlong and Wang Yongsan entered, the twelve horned monks remained unresponsive, continuing their chanting.  "Faking it, " Chen Tianlong said as he struck out with his palm, aiming at one of the horned monks.  However, something astonishing happened this time. Chen Tianlong's palm hit the monk, but his internal energy seemed to pass through him like hitting thin air. The horned monk remained unharmed.  "This is... a Mystic Illusionary Array? " Chen Tianlong's expression turned solemn.  Anything with the character "Mystic" attached, like Mystic Medicine, Mystic Technique, or Mystic Artifact, signified something mysterious and profound.  The twelve horned monks before him were all illusions conjured by the array; there was actually no one there.  Or perhaps, they were not where he saw them.  "Mr. Chen, what's going on? " Wang Yongsan had never heard of a Mystic Array before and was completely baffled.  Chen Tianlong said gravely, "I'm not sure yet. Be careful; don't fall for their tricks. "  Before Wang Yongsan could respond, a hidden arrow suddenly shot from the side. The arrow was aimed at Chen Tianlong, seemingly targeting his eyes.  Chen Tianlong snorted and grabbed at the arrow with his hand.  A muffled sound echoed. The arrow had reappeared on the other side and pierced his waist.  It turned out that the arrow aimed at his eyes was also an illusion.  "Damn it! " Chen Tianlong fumed. While his physique could withstand a regular arrow, merely causing minor injuries, he felt as if someone had stepped on his pride.  Two more hidden arrows flew towards them. One was aimed at Chen Tianlong, and the other at Wang Yongsan.  Having learned his lesson, Chen Tianlong activated his internal energy to launch a full-scale attack, hoping to deflect any arrow coming at him.  At that moment, Wang Yongsan suddenly shouted, "Mr. Chen, stay calm! I'll handle the arrows! " As he spoke, Wang Yongsan moved. He stretched out his hands to either side, seemingly grabbing at nothingness. The next moment, two hidden arrows, each the length of a chopstick, appeared in his empty hands.  "Hmm? How did you know the arrows would appear there? " Chen Tianlong asked curiously.  The illusions of a Mystic Array were not limited to sight; they affected all five senses. Whether one tried to discern the location through sound or internal energy, the array would distort their perception. Otherwise, Chen Tianlong could have easily located the hidden arrows with his eyes closed.  Wang Yongsan chuckled, "Mr. Chen, that's my secret. If you want to know, you'll have to offer me a reward. "  Chen Tianlong snorted coldly, "If you don't tell me, so be it. But since you can see through the Mystic Array, should I let you break this array or shall I destroy it myself? "  If one could not see through the array, then break it. With Chen Tianlong's strength, he was fully capable of doing so.


Chapter 341:
However, Wang Yongsan now still needs to rely on Chen Tianlong to help him complete tasks. To save his physical strength as much as possible, he should try to save it.

"Let me do it."

As Wang Yongsan spoke, he walked towards a certain direction.

There was no one on that side, but under Wang Yongsan's technique of looking at Qi, he could clearly see a human-shaped mist sitting there.

This mist displayed the cultivation of the Congealing Pulse Sixth Layer.

"Come out for me."

Wang Yongsan suddenly kicked forward with his right foot.

The human-shaped mist couldn't sit still anymore and raised its hands to block Wang Yongsan's attack.

However, Wang Yongsan could easily defeat a Congealing Pulse Peak cultivator now, let alone the opponent was only at the Congealing Pulse Seventh Layer. With just one kick, he sent the opponent flying away.

The horned monk fell to the ground and revealed his true body.

Without him as a link, the Xuan Formation was also broken through.

The surrounding environment changed, and the twelve monks in the hall disappeared without a trace, replaced by four other monks including the one who was kicked away.

"So it's you guys causing trouble," Chen Tianlong sneered and raised his hand to give a slap.

The three horned monks didn't even have the chance to resist before they were slapped unconscious.

Seeing that Chen Tianlong was about to kill the last person, Wang Yongsan quickly stopped him.

"Mr. Chen, let me handle this one. I want to ask a few questions first."

"Yes, ask where Ranyan is first. If he dares to lie, I'll crush him with my bare hands."

Chen Tianlong was filled with killing intent.

The Holy Lord Church was so hidden, and outsiders were not allowed to enter. If Ranyan was inside, something bad must have happened to him.

Wang Yongsan hypnotized the last horned monk and quickly asked, "Where is the underground entrance of the Holy Lord Church?"

"Behind the Golden Body, there is a switch under the third stone slab."

"Where are all the people captured by the Holy Lord Church held?"

"I don't know."

"What is the Illumination Crystal? Where is it placed?"

"I don't know, I haven't heard of it."

"Why do you know nothing?" Wang Yongsan felt a bit frustrated.

"I am just an outer disciple responsible for guarding the entrance and have never entered the underground."

It seems that the Holy Lord Church has strict registration procedures, and some things are even kept secret from their own disciples.

Wang Yongsan had no choice but to change his approach and asked, "Then tell me, are the outsiders captured by the Holy Lord Church held in the underground?"

"Yes." This time, the other party gave a positive answer.

The outsiders were held in the underground here. To find Ranyan, they needed to go down and ask someone else.

Chen Tianlong heard some things he hadn't heard before from Wang Yongsan's questions, but now all he wanted was to find his daughter and didn't ask any further.

Wang Yongsan climbed behind the golden horned statue and found the third stone slab.

Lifting up this stone slab, a door suddenly appeared behind the statue, leading to an underground passage.

"Mr. Chen." Wang Yongsan looked at Chen Tianlong.

There might be dangers in the passage, so he was waiting for Chen Tianlong to lead the way.

Chen Tianlong couldn't wait any longer and ignored the dangers, running his internal energy throughout his body before jumping into the passage in one leap.

Wang Yongsan followed closely behind.


Chapter 342:
Two people rushed down for about twenty meters, and suddenly there was a bright light in front of them. They felt relieved immediately.

"Who are you?"

"Stop!"

The Holy Lord Church had people guarding everywhere, which made them feel even more that their actions were not clean.

Chen Tianlong slapped his hands together, and his internal energy burst out. Every palm strike would send a Holy Lord believer flying.

Wang Yongsan followed behind, feeling secretly delighted.

Having Chen Tianlong lead the mission was really fun!

Chen Tianlong defeated a group of people, leaving only one for Wang Yongsan.

He had already noticed that Wang Yongsan should have some special means to extract the truth from others, but he didn't inquire too much about it.

"Tell me, where is the place where you keep people?" Wang Yongsan asked in a strange voice.

The horned monk who was caught by Chen Tianlong had been struggling fiercely, but when he heard this voice, he became much more obedient.

He spoke calmly: "In the ninth zone."

"The ninth zone?"

Wang Yongsan continued to ask: "Be more specific, where is the ninth zone?"

"Walk straight ahead from here, then turn left, right, go down one level, and at the third intersection, turn left again, …"

Wang Yongsan listened until his head was spinning.

Chen Tianlong shouted: "Don't waste time with him, let him lead the way. I'll bring him along."

Wang Yongsan also thought this was the most convenient way, but maintaining hypnosis would consume a lot of his mental power.

"Take us to the ninth zone to find those who are imprisoned there," Wang Yongsan ordered.

"Yes!"

The horned monk agreed and raised his hand, pointing forward.

With someone leading the way, they moved much faster.

Along the way, there were naturally many horned monks blocking their path, but Chen Tianlong dealt with them all with just one hand.

Five minutes later.

The three arrived at the ninth zone.

This was a prison area, with a corridor stretching from one end to the other, and cells on both sides.

Seeing Chen Tianlong and Wang Yongsan wearing their outer clothes and holding a horned monk in hand, the people inside the cells were like seeing saviors and began to shout for help loudly.

"Save me, let me out!"

"My family is rich, let me out and I'll give you one million!"

"Wuuu, little brother, please save me, I'll be your servant forever!"

"I have an old mother in her eighties and a child who needs to be fed, kind-hearted person, please save me!"

Chen Tianlong thought of his daughter who might be imprisoned in such a cell, and his anger surged. He crushed the horned monk's neck in his hand and threw his corpse to the ground fiercely.

"I'll go find my daughter, don't wander around!"

Chen Tianlong ignored the cries from both sides and only wanted to find his daughter.

Wang Yongsan was different from Chen Tianlong; although his mission only required him to save Chen Ran, if he saved these people here as well, it would be considered a task completed beyond expectations.

Moreover, even if not for the reward, seeing those civilians crying in the cells, Wang Yongsan couldn't bear to leave them behind.

However, when Wang Yongsan walked up to the cell door and was about to open it, a discovery made him startle.









Chapter 343:
As Wang Yongsan was about to use violence to break open the cell door, a glimpse caught his eye and sent shivers down his spine.

When faced with strangers, Wang Yongsan had grown accustomed to using the art of observing Qi to scan them first and determine if they posed any danger.

Earlier, Wang Yongsan had already scanned the people in the cell with a quick glance and determined that they were all ordinary people with physiques ranging from five to seven.

However, upon closer inspection, something seemed off.

These individuals had the same physique as ordinary people, but their intelligence was all zero points.

Why would it be zero points? Even if they were mentally challenged, their intelligence should be around one or two points. Could it be that these people are vegetative?

The individuals in front of him were crying and pleading like normal people, so they couldn't possibly be vegetative or mentally challenged.

Wang Yongsan hesitated for a moment before deciding not to open the cell door and continued walking further inside.

As he walked, he used his art of observing Qi to examine the cells. In every cell he passed, the people inside had zero intelligence.

It wasn't until the thirteenth cell that Wang Yongsan finally found a normal person.

Each cell housed four individuals, and like the other cells, three of them begged for help when they saw Wang Yongsan. Only this person remained silent, cowering in the corner.

Using his art of observing Qi, Wang Yongsan could clearly see that this person had an intelligence of six points.

"Hey."

Wang Yongsan called out to the person in the corner.

The individual shuddered, turned his head slightly towards Wang Yongsan, and then quickly retreated back into the corner.

Wang Yongsan furrowed his brows and directly used hypnosis to ask, "What's your name?"

The person in the corner was initially stunned but then his expression gradually became vacant. He replied, "My name is Lin Dong."

"Why are you here?"

"I came to the Lanting Temple to burn incense and was forcibly brought here."

"What's going on with these people?"

"They were brainwashed."

"What about you?"

"I fainted during the brainwashing process, so it failed."

Wow, being timid has its advantages?

Wang Yongsan asked him how the brainwashing was done and if everyone would be brainwashed.

Under hypnosis, Lin Dong answered every question. He not only revealed many things about the Holy Lord Church but also mentioned where the Enlightenment Crystal was located.

"They use a crystal to brainwash people. As long as someone stares at the crystal for a while, their soul will be drained, causing them to fall unconscious. Then, whatever the brainwashers say, those who have been brainwashed will believe it when they wake up."

Wang Yongsan frowned and asked, "But why are these people already brainwashed yet still being kept here?"

Lin Dong replied, "Because they are deemed without potential, so the brainwashers implanted cooking memories in them, making them believe they are being raised like pigs. Other brainwashers with potential come every day to take a few people away. I don't know if they are really killed for food or not."

Wang Yongsan felt a chill run down his spine. If it was humans eating humans, then the Holy Lord Church would be truly terrifying. However, people who have been brainwashed are incomprehensible to normal individuals; perhaps they would actually do such a thing.

Suddenly, the sound of footsteps approached.


Chapter 344:
```
Wang Yongsan turned his head to look, and saw that a large group of people had gathered at the entrance of the corridor.

Looking with his art of divination, he saw that all of them were martial artists at or above the Ximai level. There were over a hundred of them, and the remaining twenty-plus people were all at the Chongmai level.

Only one person in the center was at the Pojing first-level realm.

"I thought there really was a Pojing realm expert here, but it turns out to be just a Chongmai thief. You've caused me to bring so many people here, truly deserving of death." The person in the center said disdainfully.

Then he pointed casually and gave an order: "Send three people to tie him up. A young Chongmai like you, if trained well, could make a good disciple under my personal tutelage."

Three people stepped forward and approached Wang Yongsan.

These three were the strongest in the group, excluding the speaker, and they were all at the peak of Chongmai.

Wang Yongsan's eyes flickered as he wondered why Chen Tianlong hadn't returned yet. Could it be that there was another way out inside?

With so many people on the other side, if not for that Pojing expert, Wang Yongsan could try to take them all out by himself. But the Pojing expert was the most difficult one to deal with.

--Capture the thief first, capture the king. It seems I have to take a risk.

Wang Yongsan made up his mind and took the initiative to attack.

The three at the peak of Chongmai saw him move and quickly reacted as well.

Bang bang bang bang…

After a series of punches and kicks, Wang Yongsan was knocked to the ground.

Then his hands were tied by three people and he was brought before the Pojing expert.

"Good, good, good! To reach the fifth level of Chongmai at such a young age is already impressive, yet you can also withstand three peak-Chongmai fighters for ten rounds."

The Pojing expert liked Wang Yongsan more and more.

At this point, the other side's guard was at its lowest, and Wang Yongsan knew that he couldn't miss this opportunity. He immediately spoke in a strange tone: "Hey, look at my eyes."

Eyes?

The Pojing expert had no guard up and subconsciously looked over.

Then, he covered his head and cried out in pain: "Damn it, what did you do to me? My head hurts so much."

Wang Yongsan encountered the first time he couldn't hypnotize someone, and when he looked with his art of divination, he found that the Pojing expert's intelligence was twenty-seven points, sixteen points higher than his own.

It should be known that the release of hypnosis requires an increase in consumption based on the hypnotized person's intelligence.

The higher the intelligence of the target, the worse the hypnosis effect and the more mental energy consumed.

Hypnotizing someone with sixteen points higher intelligence than himself, Wang Yongsan's mental energy was not only rapidly depleting but also unable to fully hypnotize him.

"Close your eyes." The Pojing expert stretched out two fingers, intending to gouge out Wang Yongsan's eyes.

Wang Yongsan was startled.

In a hurry, he didn't care that the other party wasn't fully hypnotized yet and quickly gathered white-golden flames in his eyes.

POP.

A small white-golden flame appeared on the two fingers that were reaching out, with a temperature of 1400 degrees Celsius instantly turning these two fingers to ashes.

"AHHH… Damn it, what's going on?"

"Kill him, kill him!"

The Pojing expert was in a mess. At this point, he had no intention of recruiting Wang Yongsan anymore and just wanted to kill him for revenge.
```


Chapter 345:
His disciples and followers still don't know what happened, only seeing their Holy Lord suddenly go mad, clutching his head and screaming strangely. Then, with a wave of his hand, he was burned by the white-gold flame that appeared out of thin air.

However, ignorance does not hinder them from obeying the Holy Lord's orders.

The three Qi Meridian masters who were escorting Wang Yongsan heard the Holy Lord's command and, without hesitation, launched a fatal attack on Wang Yongsan.

But earlier, Wang Yongsan allowed them to approach in order to get close to the Holy Lord and perform hypnosis.

Now that he no longer needs to hold back, Wang Yongsan suddenly activates his internal energy, breaks free from their grasp, and turns around to unleash three balls of flame on their heads.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Even the Qi Meridian masters cannot resist the white-gold flame, which instantly turns their heads into ashes.








After activating his superpower to control fire, even if it's just red flames, as long as Wang Yongsan's mental power doesn't run out, it cannot be extinguished by ordinary people.

Unless they have something like Cadillac's Frost Guard, a mysterious artifact specifically designed to counter flames.

Unfortunately, there aren't many such artifacts in this world, and not every artifact can counter Wang Yongsan's flames.

So even if he only ignites the fingers of a Qi Meridian master, as long as the flame doesn't go out and continues to burn, it will eventually consume him completely.

"Attack! All of you, attack and kill him!"

The Holy Lord endures the pain of the flame burning his body. At this moment, he is using all his internal energy to resist the spread of the white-gold flame. He cannot spare a hand to kill Wang Yongsan.

And Wang Yongsan, facing so many underlings, cannot focus his mind to release more white-gold flames to kill the Qi Meridian masters.

Bang bang bang bang...

Wang Yongsan is like a tiger entering a flock of sheep, and with his multiple abilities, he completely dominates when facing Qi Meridian masters.

It can be said that the number of people he can defeat at once depends on how much internal energy he has.

As his disciples are almost defeated one by one, and although the flame on his body has been suppressed and its spread slowed down, it still cannot be extinguished. The Holy Lord is desperate.

He uses his other intact hand to take out a purple-glowing crystal from his bosom.

Then he infuses it with internal energy.

Suddenly, the purple crystal's light becomes even brighter.

"Make him lose his soul!"

With the Holy Lord's loud shout, the purple light turns into a beam and enters Wang Yongsan's mind.

Wang Yongsan feels that he suddenly becomes a little sleepy and wants to close his eyes for a nap.

"No, if I fall asleep, I'm done for."

Wang Yongsan bites his tongue hard, and his spirit becomes more alert.

However, this method only treats the symptoms but not the root cause. Wang Yongsan is only awake for less than a second before he starts to feel dizzy again.

It turns out that this Enlightenment Crystal also has the ability to hypnotize people.

"Hahaha, this flame is indeed related to a person's soul. Now I see how you can survive!" The Holy Lord says through gritted teeth.

His right arm has completely turned into ashes.


Chapter 346:
At this moment, because Wang Yongsan's spirit couldn't concentrate, the white-golden flame shrank into a small fire, similar to the size of a lighter's flame.

As long as he exerted more effort, completely hypnotizing Wang Yongsan would cause the flame to extinguish itself.

Both sides entered a tug-of-war.

Wang Yongsan endured and refused to fall asleep, while the Holy Lord increased his efforts with the Spirit Awakening Crystal.

The Holy Lord's headache worsened, a side effect of using Spirit Loss on someone awake. However, as long as he could handle Wang Yongsan, everything else would gradually recover.

Just when it seemed he had the upper hand, Wang Yongsan suddenly muttered something softly.

"Purchase five points of intelligence."

The Holy Lord was puzzled, thinking that the other party had been driven mad by his attacks.

However, in the next moment, he realized that something was very wrong.

Under the purple light of the Spirit Awakening Crystal, Wang Yongsan became increasingly more awake. On the contrary, the white-golden flame on the Holy Lord's body grew more intense.

"Now you have no tricks left, so go to hell!" Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and growled.

This time, he gave it his all.

The white-golden flame surged up suddenly and transformed into a basketball-sized fireball, instantly burning away half of the Holy Lord's chest.

"Impossible! Why is this happening?"

"You are only at the Surge Pulse Realm. How can you use Mystic Arts?"

"Why can you resist the effects of a high-grade Spiritual Artifact?"

"Why, ah ah ah..."

The white-golden flame suddenly expanded, and the Holy Lord didn't even have a chance to unleash his final attack before being burned away by most of his body, leaving only his mouth screaming in unwillingness.

Wang Yongsan panted heavily as he watched the white-golden flame slowly burn away the last bit of existence, finally relaxing completely.

The enemies were either dead or injured and unable to stand.

Wang Yongsan rested for a while before walking over to pick up the fallen Spirit Awakening Crystal.

"Hmm? My spirit power is recovering quickly!"

As soon as the Spirit Awakening Crystal was picked up, Wang Yongsan felt a cool sensation surge into his mind.

Spirit Awakening, Spirit Awakening—from the name itself, one could tell that this item should be a treasure used to awaken intelligence. The Holy Lord's high intelligence was likely related to this item as well.

As for Spirit Loss, it should be an additional function of the crystal.

"If this item can truly increase my intelligence limit, then it's equivalent to countless points of death points?"

Wang Yongsan became happy.

He now had the superpower of controlling fire, and every time he used it, he consumed a lot of spirit power. He had always wanted to buy some intelligence points but hesitated because intelligence didn't significantly enhance one's strength.

Now that he had the Spirit Awakening Crystal, he wouldn't have to worry about intelligence anymore.

"My current intelligence is 16 points, even if it can only increase to 27 points, I would save at least four or five hundred death points. This time, I really made a fortune!"

The Holy Lord had 27 points of intelligence, and Wang Yongsan felt that this might not be the maximum increase from the Spirit Awakening Crystal.


Chapter 347:
If there is still room for improvement, a little intelligence is worth nearly a hundred points. I can get it for free with the Spirit Awakening Crystal, and this feeling is simply too cool.

No wonder the task only rewards five points of death points for obtaining the Spirit Awakening Crystal. Even if no points are given, it is still very profitable.

Boom boom boom boom boom boom…

A series of explosions suddenly sounded.

The ground shook and the mountains swayed, with large rocks falling from the top of the corridor.

"Not good, could it be that there is also an explosive device here? When the Holy Lord dies, this place will explode!"

Wang Yongsan's face turned pale. If he was buried underground, even Chen Tianlong would not be able to escape.

Thinking of Chen Tianlong, a figure suddenly rushed out from the end of the corridor.

"President Chen!"

Wang Yongsan's eyes lit up and he shouted loudly, "President Chen, come and save me. This place is going to collapse!"

Chen Tianlong ran out without saying a word. It was not until Wang Yongsan came up that he saw someone on his back.

"Hey? Good-for-nothing, I didn't expect you to come here too." Chen Ran lay on Chen Tianlong's back and said in surprise.

Then she suddenly reached out her hand to pull Chen Tianlong's ears and shouted, "Stop! Stop! Save them all together."

Chen Tianlong had a bitter face, "My dear daughter, you put too many explosives. It's almost collapsing here. Let's not look for trouble and leave quickly."

Chen Ran pulled Chen Tianlong's ears and shouted, "What are you talking about? I originally wanted to blow it up completely with one shot. In order to save people, I put less explosives. If you are any slower, we will really be buried here. It's all your fault!"

Wang Yongsan only then knew that the explosion just now was caused by Chen Ran. He had thought earlier that if Chen Tianlong found Chen Ran, why didn't he find her for so long? It turned out that she had already found the person, but was unhappy and went to cause trouble. This is really in line with Chen Xiaomei's style.








The rumbling sound continued, and occasionally several tons of rocks fell from the top. This place was really about to collapse.

Wang Yongsan took a look at the task and found that destroying the Holy Lord's headquarters and occupying the Spirit Awakening Crystal had already been completed, leaving only saving Chen Ran from here.

Chen Xiaomei didn't want to leave, and Chen Tianlong wanted to take her away forcibly. But Chen Ran was on his back, digging her nose and pulling his mouth, making Chen Tianlong suffer. In the end, he could only compromise.

"Okay, okay, I'll stay here to save people. Why don't you let Xiao Wang take you out first?"

"That's fine, but if you try to cheat and save less people, I won't let you off!" Chen Ran crossed her arms and said.

Wang Yongsan was the first time he discovered that this young lady actually had a kind side.

"Boy, help me take my daughter out first. As long as she is fine, you will be fine too. If she loses even a hair, I'll beat you to death!"

Chen Tianlong put Chen Ran next to Wang Yongsan and reminded her, then he quickly went to open the cell door.

Chen Ran looked at the believers of the Holy Lord who were lying on the ground and asked, "Did you defeat these people?"

Wang Yongsan nodded and asked back, "It's too dangerous here. We have to hurry up. How about I carry you?"


Chapter 348:
Chen Ran said disdainfully, "I am the young lady Chen Ran, why would you want to carry me?"

Wang Yongsan said speechlessly, "Miss Chen, I don't want to carry you. It was your father who asked me to protect you. If a stone hits you, your father will take my life."

Chen Ran said scornfully, "Do you think I'm just eating rice? The amount of explosives I set off this time was calculated precisely based on the explosive force and rock structure. It should be able to destroy this place without causing complete collapse, so you don't have to worry about us being..."

Chen Ran was talking happily when she suddenly felt her waist tighten, and then she quickly left the spot.

At almost the same time, a rock about five meters long fell from above and hit the place where she and Wang Yongsan had been standing.

"Miss Chen, what did you say we don't have to worry about?" Wang Yongsan asked with a playful expression.

Chen Ran stuck out her tongue and acted coquettishly, "What did I say? I didn't say anything, okay."

After saying that, she realized that she was being carried in Wang Yongsan's arms and immediately blushed. She became angry and said, "Damn it! You useless coward, how dare you carry me, let me go right now."

Wang Yongsan obediently let go.

There was a "plop" sound as Chen Ran's whole body fell to the ground.

"You, you useless coward, how dare you throw me!" Chen Ran rubbed her sore bottom and gritted her teeth.

Wang Yongsan spread his hands innocently and said, "You told me to let go."

Chen Ran suffered in silence and had nothing to say.

However, with the temperament of a young lady, even if it was her fault, she would blame others.

In short, the young lady has taken note of this grudge.

Chen Ran was right; she had indeed calculated the explosion effect precisely. Although there were some errors, the corridor stopped collapsing after falling off some large rocks.

Chen Tianlong opened all the cell doors, and hundreds of civilians rushed out like crazy, pushing each other to escape.

Wang Yongsan still couldn't fully understand what intelligence was; why did these people have autonomous consciousness but show an intelligence of zero?

Or could it be that intelligence represents something unknown?

"Hey, kid, what are you dawdling for? Let's go."

Chen Tianlong carried Chen Ran and headed towards the exit.

Wang Yongsan followed behind them out of the ground, and a prompt sound from the system of doom sounded in his mind.

"Ding! Mission completed beyond expectations, rewarded with 125 points of doom credits."

Previously, Wang Yongsan had spent all his doom credits to buy intelligence against the Holy Lord. Now with these 125 points of doom credits, he had some confidence.

The three of them left the Big Bell Temple together.

It wasn't until they boarded the plane that Chen Tianlong asked with concern, "Ranran, why did you come to this place? There isn't anything stimulating here."

Chen Ran chuckled, "I heard about it from a friend who does extreme sports. He was caught and escaped with his survival skills, bragging about it in the group chat. This time I blew up their base and saved everyone; let's see what face he has to show off now."

Oh, this young lady came here just to show off.


Chapter 349:
Chen Tianlong's face wore a smile, but in his heart, he was thinking about how to send someone to join this group later to closely observe his daughter's emotional changes.

During the rest of the journey, Chen Tianlong kept asking about Chen Ran's physical condition.

Had she been hungry?

Had she suffered any hardships?

Chen Ran was getting increasingly annoyed by his inquiries.

Wang Yongsan initially thought he would have to explain a lot to Chen Tianlong, but unexpectedly, with Chen Ran helping to deflect the blame, Chen Tianlong didn't pay any attention to him throughout the journey.

The plane landed at Lingjiang Airport.

As soon as they touched down, Wang Yongsan was stunned by the scene before him.

It was already eight o'clock in the evening, and it was pitch black outside.

From the airplane door to the airport exit, two neat rows of people stood on either side of a red carpet, each holding a candle in their hands and respectfully standing by.

When Chen Ran's foot first stepped onto the red carpet, a uniform shout came from both sides:

"Welcome home, young lady."

Chen Ran was full of pride, but her words to Chen Tianlong were stern: "Old man, don't organize such a spectacle again in the future. So many people are waiting for me here late at night, who knows what they're cursing about behind my back."

Chen Tianlong glared and asked his subordinates sternly, "Tell young lady Chen what you think!"

"No—complaints—."

Another uniform shout echoed through the air.

Wang Yongsan followed behind them, thinking to himself that both father and daughter were notorious, so even if they had complaints, they wouldn't dare to voice them openly.

The three of them exited the airport.

Chen Tianlong's car was already waiting outside.

Wang Yongsan had planned to leave quietly, but Chen Tianlong called him over.

"Hey, kid Wang, wait a moment."

Wang Yongsan quickly stopped and respectfully said, "Mr. Chen, do you have something else to say?"

Chen Tianlong smiled slightly and unusually kindly said, "If it weren't for you this time, I might not have been able to find Ranran. I, Chen Tianlong, always pay back my debts. Since you helped me this time, you can make a request of me. As long as it doesn't involve my family members, I will agree to it."

"Um… Mr. Chen, I think that's not necessary."

This time, it was more accurate to say that both Wang Yongsan and Chen Tianlong helped each other rather than saying that Wang Yongsan had helped Chen Tianlong.

During this trip, Wang Yongsan not only completed his mission but also obtained 125 points of death energy and smuggled a high-grade Xuan artifact back.

In addition to the Xuan medicine and Frost Protection Necklace that Chen Tianlong had given him before leaving, Wang Yongsan could be said to have made a fortune on this trip.

He really didn't want to ask Chen Tianlong for any more benefits.

But who is Chen Tianlong?

He's Chen Ran's father!

Seeing Wang Yongsan being so polite, Chen Tianlong instead frowned and coldly said, "Kid, don't be ungrateful. I, Chen Tianlong, never owe anyone any favors. If someone does me a favor, I always repay it immediately. If you don't make a request now, you won't be able to leave today!"

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

He had heard similar words from Chen Ran before, and it seemed that the young lady inherited her father's temperament.

Wang Yongsan was not a rigid person. Since the other party insisted on letting him ask for benefits, Wang Yongsan wouldn't refuse a second time.

"Alright then, since Mr. Chen is so insistent, I'll make a small request."


Chapter 350:
"It's not a small request, so why don't you make a bigger one?"

"Then I'll make a big request?"

"The bigger the better." Chen Tianlong generously said.

Tianlong Group can have today, and Chen Tianlong's generosity is not unrelated.

So even if the Chen family father and daughter have a bad temper, many people are still willing to follow them wholeheartedly.

Wang Yongsan coughed dryly three times and licked his face to say: "Since this is the case, I want to ask Mr. Chen to acquire Xingqi Bank, of course, as long as the acquisition of our part in Lu Shan Province is enough."

"Gag~"

After Wang Yongsan said these words, Chen Tianlong seemed to be choked by someone's throat.

Xingqi Bank, that is the world's number one bank, formerly known as the Federal Reserve of the United States.

Later, it broke away from the United States and became a major force on its own, directly causing the United States to fall from the only superpower to one of the two major countries confronting China.

It can be seen how powerful Xingqi Bank is.

Without saying anything else, just talking about wealth, Xingqi Bank's total wealth can account for a quarter of the world's wealth, even more than China and the United States.

Such a force, even if it does losing money business, is impossible to sell its own industries.

"Mr. Chen, doesn't this request hurt the interests of your family?" Wang Yongsan asked with a smirk.

"Uh..." Chen Tianlong wiped his sweat.

"Then is this request a bit too big?"

Chen Tianlong was so depressed that he thought you were not a bit too big, but purely looking for trouble.

However, the big words were said by himself just now. If he admitted that this request was too big, where would Chen Tianlong's face be?

"Mr. Chen, can I ask why you made such a request?" Chen Tianlong asked with a smile, but anyone could see that he was already gritting his teeth.

"Mr. Chen knows, I now have a conflict with Xingqi Bank. With them staring at Lu Shan, how can I have peace in the future?"

"Your Tianlong Group is so rich. Acquiring a few bank branches is no big deal. As long as they are driven out of Lu Shan, my family and I will be safe."

Wang Yongsan seemed to have not seen Chen Tianlong's depression and said honestly.

"Oh, it turns out to be like this."

Chen Tianlong turned his eyes a few times before he smiled and said:

"Xiao Wang, in fact, even if I acquire Xingqi Bank's Lu Shan branch, if they send someone to look for you for trouble, there is still a way to find you. Why don't we do this? I won't buy them, I will send someone to protect you and your family. What do you think?"

Wang Yongsan's intention was to want Chen Tianlong to protect himself and his family.

With Skull Eye here, even if he has been seriously injured, he can still easily kill himself.

What worries Wang Yongsan the most is the friends and family around him. If they are harmed because of Xingqi Bank's revenge, Wang Yongsan will not be able to eat or sleep.

Just now it was Chen Tianlong who boasted, and before that, he had been calling Wang Yongsan to come and go, so Wang Yongsan deliberately made him embarrassed.

Now that the revenge has been reported and the help he wanted has also been offered by the other party, Wang Yongsan naturally wants to stop when things are going well.


Chapter 351:
"Alright, since it's Mr. Chen who is going to help me out, I will do as you say."

Chen Tianlong sighed in relief and continued, "But you know, Star Flag Bank is a big shot. You are not my son-in-law after all, so I can't protect you forever. How about we set a protection period?"

Wang Yongsan understood that Chen Tianlong must have paid a great price to protect him.

After pondering for a moment, he extended one finger: "One month. You protect me for one month first. After that, I will take whatever fate has in store for me. How about it?"

One month was not a long time,

Chen Tianlong thought that the young man would ask for more, but upon hearing it was only one month, he felt relieved instead.

He immediately agreed: "Alright, one month it is. As long as you and your friends don't leave Lushan Province, I guarantee your safety for this month."

"A gentleman's word is his bond."

"And a promise made cannot be broken."

"Then I'll take my leave now."

Wang Yongsan bid farewell to Chen Tianlong and took a taxi back to Longtai.

All that had happened only took one day.

Wang Yongsan picked up his phone, which showed several missed calls and messages, all from Luo Yusha.

After Lin Sisi saw Wang Yongsan being taken away by the undercover police, she became increasingly worried. She wanted to contact Hua Shengnan but didn't have her number, and she hesitated to call Wang Yongsan for fear of losing face.

So she told Luo Yusha about it and asked her to contact Wang Yongsan.

However, Luo Yusha tried several times but couldn't get through, which made both girls anxious.

Wang Yongsan was so tense that he didn't have a chance to call except on the plane, so it wasn't until now that he dialed Luo Yusha's number.

"Hello, Yongsan, how are you? Did they hurt you?"

The phone rang once before being answered, and Luo Yusha's anxious voice came from the other end.

"I'm fine, Shasha. They just wanted to ask me some questions. Everything has been sorted out now; it wasn't my fault."

Wang Yongsan chose to share only the good news, fearing that Luo Yusha would worry and didn't tell her too much.

Hearing that her boyfriend was safe, Luo Yusha finally felt relieved.

"Where are you now?" Luo Yusha asked.

Wang Yongsan replied, "I'm on my way back. I just left Linjiang territory, and it will be around 10 o'clock when I get back. You should rest first, and we can talk about it tomorrow in person."

"There's no need to wait until tomorrow; I'll be waiting for you."

"Ah? It will be 10 o'clock when I get back, and the dormitory would have already turned off the lights by then. Or do you..." Wang Yongsan thought of something and didn't dare to say the rest.

Luo Yusha sneered, "Exactly, I'm at your rental house right now."

Luo Yusha had been to Wang Yongsan's place several times to deliver food for Hua Shengnan and knew where he lived.

But...

"Shasha, are you alone there?" Wang Yongsan asked cautiously.

It was only 8:30, and if Lin Sisi had evening classes or was studying in the library, she might not have gone back yet.

If Luo Yusha hadn't seen Lin Sisi yet, Wang Yongsan could call her and ask her to stay out later or book a room at a hotel.

However...


Chapter 352:
Paper cannot wrap fire, and some things will eventually be known by others.








"What? Do you hope that I am with someone else while waiting for you here?" Luo Yusha asked with a hint of jealousy in her tone.

She had always trusted Wang Yongsan deeply and never doubted that her boyfriend would cheat on her.

However, the clear fact in front of her now made her begin to doubt her judgment.

Her boyfriend had been living with another woman for almost a month, and the other party was the school beauty who also had feelings for her boyfriend. Could he really resist temptation?

"Yusha, don't think too much. I will be back soon. If you are tired, lie down first. I'll hang up now."

Wang Yongsan hung up the phone and immediately dialed Lin Sisi's number.

In the rental house.

Lin Sisi sat opposite Luo Yusha, took out her ringing phone, and looked at Luo Yusha with some helplessness.

"Answer it. Why are you looking at me? Do you have anything to hide from me?"

Lin Sisi hung up the phone and said seriously, "Luo classmate, I know you hate me in your heart. In fact, I have struggled too. I don't want to destroy the relationship between you and Yongsan, but love is uncontrollable."

"So?" Luo Yusha asked with a stern face.

Lin Sisi lowered her head and said, "I'm sorry. I hope you can forgive me."

Luo Yusha sneered and asked inexplicably, "Forgive you? Do you want me to leave him and let you have him? Or do you want me to accept you as our third party?"

Lin Sisi shook her head repeatedly, "No, no, I don't mean that. I just think love can't be forced. In the end, it's up to Yongsan who he chooses. You being hostile towards me will only make him feel troubled."

"Hmph."

Luo Yusha disdained, "Do you think I control him too strictly and hinder your seduction? But no matter how strict I am, you still live together, right?"

"No, we each have our own rooms and sleep separately." Lin Sisi explained carefully.

However, Luo Yusha stood up immediately and pointed at her and scolded, "You want to sleep together? Lin Sisi, you are too shameless!"

It's not that Luo Yusha was too temperamental, but this matter was indeed unfavorable to her.

Lin Sisi is a third party after all. Even if the result is not satisfactory, she can pretend nothing happened and give up pursuing him. But once Luo Yusha fails, the result will be losing her boyfriend.

Lin Sisi's face turned red from being scolded, but she also knew that explaining further would only make Luo Yusha angrier.

So, she gritted her teeth and revealed an unconfirmed matter.

"Luo classmate, I didn't mean that. I just want to say that you only focus on guarding against me, but be careful not to let others take advantage of the situation."

"Others?"

Luo Yusha was stunned for a moment, and after thinking carefully, she asked, "Who do you mean?"

Lin Sisi blushed and said, "Actually, when I came back the day before yesterday, I saw Officer Hua taking a bath in the bathroom. Yongsan probably didn't expect me to come back early that day, so he didn't close the bedroom door. I saw him wearing only underwear, and his face was a little red, as if he had just... done that kind of thing."

</div>


Chapter 353:
"Luo Yusha didn't believe and said, “Nonsense, Officer Hua helped us for almost ten years, how could she be with Wang Yongsan?”

“I also think it's impossible, but given the situation at that time, well, maybe I was just overthinking.” Lin Shishi deliberately acted as if she were reluctantly accepting it.

In fact, after Wang Yongsan was taken away, Lin Shishi happened to see his broken and dirty clothes from the day before.

Recalling what she saw the night before, Lin Shishi realized that Wang Yongsan might have gotten into a fight again. That's why he was changing his clothes at that time, and it wasn't because he had just finished doing something with Officer Hua.

She couldn't let go of Wang Yongsan, and after realizing she had wrongly accused him, she felt even more guilty.

She had been worried about Wang Yongsan all day and didn't even attend her afternoon classes, just to stay at home waiting for him.

As for Luo Yusha, because she couldn't contact Wang Yongsan, she had been looking for him at the rental house since lunchtime.

So, the two women met in the morning and had been 'co-habiting' in this room for an afternoon.

On the other side, at the Chen family residence in Lingjiang, Chen Tianlong was trying to persuade Chen Ran.

“My dear daughter, you don't know that Xiao Wang is not only a martial artist but also an extremely rare mage who can use Flame Mystic Arts.”

“What are Mystic Arts?” Chen Ran asked with wide eyes.

Chen Tianlong chuckled and gestured, “Mystic Arts are mysterious spells. Before saving you today, Xiao Wang was taken away by the Dark Police, and then he coincidentally ran into people from Star Banner Bank who came to bother him. Do you know what happened?”

“What happened? Tell me already!” Chen Ran, who was mostly uninterested in things other than adventures, perked up at the mention of Mystic Arts.

Chen Tianlong deliberately paused for a moment, waiting until Chen Ran remembered to act before bursting out laughing and saying, “Well, Xiao Wang just glared at them, and a white-gold flame 'whoosh' appeared out of nowhere on the person from Star Banner Bank.”

“The flame was so hot that the opponent, a high-level master like your father, couldn't completely block it even using all his internal strength.”

“In the end, they used an item that happened to counter her magical weapon before they managed to extinguish that little flame.”

Chen Ran's eyes sparkled with excitement. Such amazing things; if she could learn them too, that would be so cool!

She could show off in front of her friends then.

“Daddy, how do you learn Mystic Arts?” Chen Ran jumped onto Chen Tianlong and started acting cute.

For Chen Tianlong, this was the most enjoyable treatment in life; he couldn't stop smiling.

“Haha, I don't know how to do it either, and Mystic Arts are too precious. Xiao Wang knows them, but I'm sure he won't easily teach them to others. So you should just forget about it.”

While saying not to think about it, Chen Tianlong actually wanted Chen Ran to think more about these things.

His daughter had a daring heart and was always looking for trouble when she woke up every day. If it was just causing others trouble, that would be fine, but sometimes she put herself in danger too."


Chapter 354:
Chen Tianlong sold Wang Yong three times this time, intending for her to find something new and interesting. Even if she were to stick by Wang Yong's side, it would be better than the danger of wandering around outside all day.

In any case, someone had to protect Wang Yong and his family, so it was a good excuse to include his daughter in the protection as well.

Sure enough, upon hearing that Wang Yong would teach her, Chen Ran's eyes twinkled, and she began to ponder.

At the same time,

Wang Yong had just gotten out of a taxi.

He took two steps at once, rushing upstairs. After standing in front of the door for a while to calm his emotions, he opened the door with slightly trembling hands.

*Creak*

The door opened.

Wang Yong immediately saw two pairs of female shoes placed side by side in the entrance, and he inwardly exclaimed 'Oh no!'.








Lin Shishi was at home, and Luo Yusha hadn't slept either.

The living room was still lit, indicating that they were clearly waiting to question him.

It seemed like he wouldn't be able to sleep well tonight.

Wang Yong changed his shoes and tiptoed into the house.

However, what greeted him was two beauties smiling like blooming flowers.

"You're back!"

"We've been waiting for you for half a day. Come eat first!"

Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi took one of Wang Yong's arms each, smiling as they led him into the dining room.

"This..."

Wang Yong was stunned.

Could this be the legendary combination of courtesy and force?

One moment they were smiling sweetly, and the next they would be stabbing him with white knives?

Wang Yong sat down at the dining chair and asked with a bitter face, "Shasha, Lin classmate, are you both okay?"

"What can we have, but you? You went out for a whole day, didn't answer your phone, and I was so worried!" Luo Yusha said with a pouting nose.

Lin Shishi also pursed her lips and complained, "Sister Shasha was worried about you. She hasn't eaten since lunchtime!"

Sister Shasha?

This address carried a lot of information.

Wang Yong became even more puzzled.

The reactions of these two women were completely contrary to the script; according to the normal plot, they should be hostile towards each other and even fight!

"Yong San, what are you standing there for? Try my stir-fried shrimp! You love it!"

Luo Yusha picked up a large shrimp and placed it in Wang Yong's bowl.

Lin Shishi was not to be outdone either; she picked up a piece of shiitake mushroom and handed it over: "These mushrooms are grown in my hometown. They're natural and pollution-free. I don't know if you like them!"

Luo Yusha glanced at her and picked up a piece of braised pork belly.

"Yong San, this is my braised pork belly. You've been tired all day; eating this will help you regain your strength!"

"This is my broccoli. It's nutritious and perfect for you!" Lin Shishi was unhurried as well, picking up another chopstick and passing it over.

"This is my stir-fried mutton with scallions! Eat some!"

"These are my scrambled eggs with leeks; they're very nutritious!"

"Ah ah ah, these are my beer chicken nuggets; the meat is tender and juicy! Eat up!"

"Haha, this is my lean pork with century egg congee; it's delicious and warming! Try a bite!"

"These are..."

"These are..."


Chapter 355:
Although there was an agreement beforehand, the war between the legal wife and the mistress is always inevitable.

The two girls took turns, turning a dining table into a battlefield of jealousy and rivalry.

Wang Yongsan looked at this, then that.

By now, the dishes in his bowl were piled high; it would be impossible for an ordinary person to take a bite.

However, thanks to Wang Yongsan's talent for eating like a bottomless pit, despite the increasing number of dishes that Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi kept adding, he still managed to finish them all.

After dinner,

Lin Shishi generously offered to help Wang Yongsan change his clothes and wash them.

Luo Yusha, on the other hand, prepared a bath for him and suggested he take a soak to relax.

Wang Yongsan felt as if he were in a dream, being pampered by two girls to the point where he almost forgot his own name.

After washing up and changing into pajamas, a new problem arose.

Wang Yongsan looked at Luo Yusha and scratched his head, asking: "Yusha, it's so late now. The school dormitory is already closed. Where will you sleep?"

Luo Yusha's face turned red with embarrassment.

However, upon seeing Lin Shishi beside her, a fierce determination rose in her heart. She bit her lip and said: "Yes, it's already too late to go back now. I might as well make do with sleeping here tonight."

Lin Shishi quickly chimed in: "That's right. My bed is big enough for two people. Why don't you stay and sleep with me, Sister Yusha?"

"I'm sorry, but I've always slept alone and am not used to sharing a bed with others." Luo Yusha gave her a fierce glare.

Lin Shishi, however, simply smiled and said with difficulty: "Oh, but there are only two beds here. If you sleep alone, then what about…"

"Oh, I know! I'll sleep on the sofa, and Yusha can go sleep in my room."

Wang Yongsan quickly seized the opportunity to speak up.

Luo Yusha was also determined today.

Her conversation with Lin Shishi earlier made her realize that simply trying to block other women from seducing her boyfriend was pointless; instead, she should guide him carefully.

Rather than constantly guarding against other women trying to lure her boyfriend away, it would be better to seduce him herself.

Once she had this realization, she took a deep breath and said: "Sleeping on the sofa would be too uncomfortable. Why don't I sleep in the same room with Yongsan?"

Lin Shishi was unhappy and protested: "You just said you weren't used to sharing a bed with others."

Luo Yusha smiled and replied: "Yongsan isn't 'others,' right, Yongsan?"

Wang Yongsan was completely stunned.

Sleeping in the same bed with Luo Yusha? This had been his dream for many years.

What exactly happened today?

Could it be that Luo Yusha had been hypnotized?

"Yes, yes, not 'others.'" Wang Yongsan quickly agreed, fearing Luo Yusha might change her mind.

Lin Shishi was furious, but as a third party herself, she had no right to object.

Luo Yusha took Wang Yongsan's hand and led him back to the bedroom. Before closing the door, she deliberately gave Lin Shishi a triumphant look.

The sound of a key turning in the lock echoed through the room.

Wang Yongsan nervously said: "Yusha, let's go to sleep now."

Luo Yusha also blushed and softly replied with an 'um' before walking to the bed.

"I'll sleep on the inside, and you can sleep outside. Remember, you mustn't move around recklessly." Luo Yusha warned him with a red face.

In this situation, choosing to sleep on the inside was an implicit hint from a girl.


Chapter 356:
Unfortunately, Wang Yongsan didn't understand.

The two lay side by side on the bed, both silent.

After more than half an hour, it was still Luo Yusha who couldn't hold back first.

"Yongsan?"

"What is it?"

"You're not asleep yet."

"Um... I can't sleep."

"Neither can I."

"..."

Another long period of silence ensued.

Suddenly, Wang Yongsan turned over, put his hand on Luo Yusha's waist, and asked hoarsely: "Shasha, Shasha, can I hold you while sleeping?"

Luo Yusha was equally nervous in her heart.

She knew she was playing with fire, but the feeling was really super exciting.

Exciting enough that she didn't want to stop.

"Um."

Luo Yusha responded with a nasal sound.

However, out of the girl's reserve, Luo Yusha added: "But you can only hold me, no other actions allowed."

"Okay."

Wang Yongsan agreed.

Then, he really didn't do anything else.

Luo Yusha waited and waited, suddenly hearing a snoring sound by her ear.

What the heck?

Luo Yusha was extremely depressed in her heart.

After all the effort to prepare, even if nothing happened, can't you be more affectionate with me?

Even a simple kiss would do.

What kind of man is satisfied just by holding once?

Luo Yusha felt like crying but had no tears, really unsure whether she should be happy that her boyfriend is not as lewd as other guys or angry at his lack of romance.








That night, Wang Yongsan slept particularly sweetly.

He had a beautiful dream where both Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi became his girlfriends, and the three of them made steamed buns together.

Unbaked steamed buns are so soft.

Wang Yongsan had always been spoiled, this was his first time making food himself, and it felt quite good.

Just as he was enjoying the dream, a 'dum-dum-dum' sound suddenly came from the sky.

"Yongsan, Shasha sister, I made breakfast, let's get up and eat."

It turned out that the 'dum-dum' sound was Lin Shishi knocking on the door outside.

The dream was shattered, and Wang Yongsan slowly woke up.

He rubbed his eyes, opened them, and the first thing he saw was Luo Yusha in his embrace.

At that moment, Luo Yusha was facing away from him, being held by Wang Yongsan, seemingly still asleep.

Wang Yongsan gently pushed her, calling: "Shasha, Shasha, it's time to get up."

Luo Yusha's face was red, even her ears were flushed.

Wang Yongsan was startled, thinking she had caught a cold last night, and quickly sat up, putting his hand on her forehead.

Feeling it, he found it a bit hot.

"Shasha, wake up quickly, are you having a fever? I'll take you to the hospital."

Wang Yongsan was a bit anxious; if he had his ability activated, he could have cured Luo Yusha on the spot.

Now he could only take her to the hospital.

This time, he shook her more forcefully, and Luo Yusha couldn't pretend to be asleep anymore, so she slowly opened her eyes.

"Yongsan, stop shaking."

"Shasha, you're sick, get up and put on clothes, I'll take you to the hospital."

</>


Chapter 357:
Rosy thought to herself: What a fool, why is he so nervous? Did he really fall asleep just now?

Rosy was almost dying of embarrassment.

"I'm fine, I wake up like this every morning, it will be better in a while."

"Is this an old problem of yours?" Wang Yongsan asked further.

Rosy didn't know how to explain, so she could only nod her head and try to get through it first.

Wang Yongsan finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Get up, wash up.

Lin Sisi prepared a rich breakfast.

After last night, Lin Sisi had completely figured it out. Opposing Rosy wouldn't do her any good.

After all, she was the legal wife, and Lin Sisi hadn't even inserted her foot in yet. Constantly competing for strength wouldn't make her win in the end.

So, she changed her hostile attitude towards Rosy and took the initiative to help Rosy serve rice and porridge, calling her "sister" sweetly.

After eating, she also took the initiative to clean up the dishes and chopsticks, allowing Rosy and Wang Yongsan to rest for a while longer.

Wang Yongsan was very pleased.

Rosy, on the other hand, smelled a dangerous scent and became even more vigilant.

Buzzing~

The phone vibrated.

Taking out the phone, it was Ye Qing's call.

Wang Yongsan walked a little further away before answering the phone: "Hello, Brother Ye."

"Brother Wang, I heard you've returned, did anything happen after you left yesterday?" Ye Qing's voice was full of concern.

In fact, he knew last night that Chen Tianlong and Wang Yongsan had returned, but he learned about it a bit late. He was afraid of affecting Wang Yongsan's rest, so he waited until dawn to call.

"I'm fine, Director Chen asked me for help with something, and it's already done." Wang Yongsan downplayed the situation.

The two chatted casually for a while.

Suddenly, Ye Qing asked, "By the way, Brother Wang, you used Xuan Shu yesterday, right?"

Wang Yongsan had known that once he used his pyrokinesis, someone would definitely take notice.

But now that his strength was weak, he had to use pyrokinesis; it would eventually be exposed sooner or later.

"Yes, Brother Ye, is there a problem?"

Ye Qing's tone became serious: "Controlling fire itself isn't a problem, but... Zhou Jian should have been killed by you yesterday, right?"

Ye Qing was his own man, so Wang Yongsan didn't plan on hiding it from him.

Moreover, that incident was Zhou Jian's fault for attacking him first; Wang Yongsan only used Xuan Shu to defend himself.

"Brother Ye, Zhou Jian was indeed killed by me. He hid himself and attacked me from behind. Since there was a huge gap in our strength, I had no choice but to use Xuan Shu to kill him."

"As for hiding this matter, one reason was that I didn't want to cause trouble; the other was to keep my ability in Xuan Shu as a hidden card."

Wang Yongsan didn't mention the matter of being a cyborg, as it had already involved a third party.

On the phone, Ye Qing fell silent for a moment.

Then he said, "We already have complete evidence that Zhou Jian was a traitor. Even if others find out you killed him, there won't be any problems. I called to remind you that Xingqi Bank should not be underestimated; you need to be more cautious during this time."

Wang Yongsan naturally knew he had to be careful of Xingqi Bank,

Even with Chen Tianlong's help, Wang Yongsan would still be on high alert to prevent being harmed by others secretly.

However,

All precautions require strength as their foundation.


Chapter 358:
Without power, even if someone openly tries to kill you, you won't be able to escape.

"Brother Ye, I have now reached the fifth level of the Pulse-Breaking realm. Can you tell me how to quickly enhance my abilities?"

"Quickly enhance your abilities?"

Ye Qing pondered for a moment before replying, "To be honest, in our martial path, besides using Profound Pills as an aid, there is no shortcut. Your Limitless Cultivation Method is already the fastest method of cultivation. Besides that, you can only rely on Heavenly Treasures and Earthly Precious Materials."

Wang Yongsan eagerly asked, "Do you know where I can find Heavenly Treasures and Earthly Precious Materials?"

Ye Qing laughed heartily, "If Heavenly Treasures and Earthly Precious Materials were so easy to find, I wouldn't still be in the Supervision Department. Just finding any one of them is enough to compensate for my twenty years of hard cultivation. You shouldn't even think about it."

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

Ye Qing's words were essentially telling Wang Yongsan that to improve his cultivation, besides hard work, there was no shortcut.

Wang Yongsan had a system, but after reaching a physique of 25 points, the purchase price increased again.

Now, buying one point of physique had risen to 80 points of merit.

To reach the peak of the Pulse-Breaking realm, he would need at least 400 points of merit, and to break through to the Perforation realm, he might need even more.

Chen Tianlong was only responsible for protecting Wang Yongsan and his loved ones for a month. After that, Wang Yongsan would have to rely on himself.

In other words, he had to reach the Perforation realm within a month to have the ability to protect himself.

"Thank you, Brother Ye. I understand now."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan furrowed his brows.

When Luo Yusha saw him hang up, she walked over and asked, "What's wrong? Is there any trouble?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head and forced a smile, "I'm so honest, how could I get into trouble?"

"Hmph, you're honest?" Luo Yusha pouted in disbelief.

An honest person wouldn't touch and feel up while sleeping, only a lecher would do that, right?

At this time, Lin Shishi had finished packing and called Luo Yusha to go to school together.

The two girls left, leaving Wang Yongsan alone at home.

He turned on the computer and entered the Jianghu Supervision Network, casually browsing through the Jianghu news before entering the Cultivation Techniques and Martial Skills interface.

Previously, Wang Yongsan had only practiced the Seven Injuries Fist martial skill and had never cultivated any cultivation techniques to enhance his realm.

Now that he had reached the fifth level of the Pulse-Breaking realm, he couldn't continue to take Profound Pills to advance, and tasks weren't triggered randomly.

To enhance his abilities, he could only try to cultivate on his own.








[Fourth Update]

Wang Yongsan selected a three-star cultivation technique, the best he could cultivate at his current level.

From then on, Wang Yongsan began to practice the cultivation technique day and night without rest.

He had the Enlightenment Crystal, which could replenish his spiritual power at any time. Even if he didn't sleep for a day and night, he wouldn't feel tired.

Moreover, once his spiritual power was restored to its maximum value, the Enlightenment Crystal would continue to enhance the holder's spiritual power.

Three days passed, and Wang Yongsan's intelligence increased by three points, reaching 29.

However, despite Wang Yongsan's day and night of cultivation, his physique remained unchanged at the fifth level of the Pulse-Breaking realm, which made Wang Yongsan quite distressed.

</div>


Chapter 359:
"Just practicing more will help improve our strength too little, it's better to go out and take a look, maybe you can accidentally trigger a task."

Wang Yongsan spent three days before he figured it out.

If you only rely on practice, even if you are a genius, it is impossible to be stronger than Ye Qingbing by more than a hundred times.

Ye Qingbing advanced from the fifth layer of the meridian to the breakthrough acupoint realm, and it took nearly fifteen years, with an average of three small steps per year.

Wang Yongsan only had one month, how could he rise five levels in a row?

'Dongdong. '

The door was knocked.

Wang Yongsan stood up, and while walking towards the door, he shouted, "Who is it?"

"It's me, my boyfriend, open the door for me quickly."

I wipe it.

Chen Ran?

Wang Yongsan's body was nailed in place at once, and he thought to himself: Why did this big girl come?

Chen Tianlong finally found his daughter back, and after three days, she was stolen out again?

"Miss Chen, why are you here?" Wang Yongsan asked from behind the door.

"Ah, open the door first and then talk." Chen Ran said softly.

"I won't open it unless you tell me what you are doing here, or I will call your dad and let Chairman Chen take you back."

Wang Yongsan said, he had already taken out his mobile phone and started looking for the phone number that Chen Tianlong left him last time.

Unexpectedly, Chen Ran was not worried at all, but said triumphantly: "I came out after my father's permission. If you don't believe me, just call and ask."

Wang Yongsan naturally didn't believe it.

Last time he had already confessed to Chen Tianlong, and himself and Chen Ran were just pretending to be in love.

Chen Tianlong already knew that he was not his daughter's boyfriend, how could he let her come to find himself?

The phone was dialed,

The phone was connected.

Chen Tianlong's rough voice came from the other end: "Hello, little Wang, have you seen my good daughter?"

Good daughter?

There is no one in this world who is more disobedient than his daughter, okay.

As soon as Wang Yongsan heard Chen Tianlong's first sentence, he knew that Chen Ran might really be let go by him.

"President Chen, I told you last time that I am just a stand-in for your daughter. She doesn't like me at all. Are you not afraid that she will use me to escape again?"

Wang Yongsan tried his best to speak euphemistically.

Unexpectedly, Chen Tianlong laughed and said: "I know that feelings can be cultivated slowly. I usually want to send someone to protect her, but my good daughter doesn't allow it. This time I just take the opportunity to protect you, and I can save some effort by protecting her together."

Your uncle.

It turns out that Chen Tianlong had this idea.

However, Wang Yongsan didn't understand how Chen Tianlong persuaded Chen Ran to come find himself.

His daughter is not the kind of obedient master.

Hanging up the phone,

Wang Yongsan reluctantly opened the door.

There was no way, the young lady outside the door had already blown up a temple, if he didn't open the door for her, who knew what crazy things she would do.

The door opened,

Chen Ran grinned, showing a mouthful of white teeth, and hopped in.

"Haha, boyfriend, you live here? This place is too small, especially this roof, it feels so oppressive." Chen Ran looked around curiously, and was curious about everything.

She had never lived in such a small house before. Even when she stayed in a hotel, she stayed in a presidential suite.


Chapter 360:
Unless during extreme sports outside, I would set up my own tent to sleep in.

Wang Yongsan said with annoyance, "This isn't a place for you to stay. If you don't like it, leave."

"Also, don't call me your boyfriend. I don't have a girlfriend like you."

Chen Ran glared and was about to get angry.

However, she suddenly remembered the purpose of her trip. She thought for a moment and held back her anger.

"Alright, I won't call you my boyfriend anymore. How about calling you 'dear'?" Chen Ran said with a flirtatious look in her eyes.

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

"Dear" is even more excessive than "boyfriend," okay?

"No way. You can either call me by my name or call me Wang classmate. If you call me wrongly, I will..."

Wang Yongsan realized that besides violence, he didn't have any other methods to deal with this young lady.

Moreover, he was even more hesitant to use violence.

"By the way, why did you come looking for me?" Wang Yongsan only then remembered the important matter.

Only by knowing why the other party came could he grasp their weaknesses.

Chen Ran smiled slyly: "I just missed you and thought that you are actually quite good. Moreover, my father said that you almost lost your life to save me, and I was deeply moved."

Deeply moved, neh~

Wang Yongsan felt goosebumps all over his body when he heard Chen Ran speak with such emphasis.

He quickly raised his hand to stop her.

"Stop, stop, stop! Chen Ran, don't try to trick me with these tricks. If you don't tell the truth, I'm leaving!"

Wang Yongsan even wanted to try using his mind-reading ability to see what this young lady was up to.

"I really just wanted to come and see you. I don't have any other purpose," Chen Ran continued to pout.

Wang Yongsan decisively walked towards the door.

Chen Ran quickly went up to grab him: "Hey, what are you doing? I've lowered myself so much already. You can't treat me like this!"

Wang Yongsan disliked it: "I'm not your father. I won't fall for your tricks. Let me go!"

"I won't let you go."

"Will you let me go?"

"I won't!"

Wang Yongsan exerted some strength and broke free from Chen Ran, opened the door, and walked out.

Chen Ran couldn't take it anymore.

As a beloved person who was admired by flowers (at least in her own mind), she couldn't solve the problem even with coquetry.

Then might as well use conventional methods.

She crossed her arms and shouted at Wang Yongsan's back with a loud voice: "Wimp, listen to me! If you don't explain yourself today, I will make your life miserable forever!"

"My goodness."

Wang Yongsan speechlessly said: "It's obviously you who isn't explaining yourself. Who would believe that you came to see me?"

Chen Ran smiled and said, "I know you don't think highly of yourself. It seems like you have some self-awareness."

"Then tell me, why are you pestering me?"

Chen Ran smiled slyly: "I heard that you know how to play with fire?"

As soon as these words came out, Wang Yongsan knew what was going on.

It turns out that this young lady is interested in his superpower.

This must have been told to her by Chen Tianlong, and there was no point in hiding it anymore. Wang Yongsan might as well admit it directly.

"So what if I do? You don't think I would spread this around, right?"


Chapter 361:
Chen Ran chuckled, mischievously saying: "I can't let it out, but I can't keep it in either? You think so too, my dear."








"Come on, Chen Ran, do you have any limits? To learn flame control, you're even willing to sell yourself."

Wang Yongsan couldn't stand such extravagance.

However, for Chen Ran, her life was about seeking thrills.

As for boyfriends, she wondered if they'd be useful to vent anger on when upset.

"Alright, I'm Miss Chen Ran, follow me, and you'll have a life of luxury. You'll at least skip ten lifetimes of hard work. Such a good deal, you won't refuse, right?"

Chen Ran's inexplicable confidence emerged again.

Wang Yongsan covered his forehead, utterly defeated.

"Okay, Miss Chen, can you give me some time to consider?" Wang Yongsan said with great reluctance.

What could he do; she was a young lady after all?

Her father was a top-tier martial artist at the Breakthrough Sixth Layer, and in the entire world, there were no more than ten people stronger than Chen Tianlong.

It was genuinely unbearable to provoke such power.

"Fine, you people are just so stubborn; even discussing a relationship requires careful thought. You have half a month to consider, and if you haven't decided by then, you know the consequences."

Chen Ran was in a good mood today, and such an answer was already exceptionally generous.

Wang Yongsan felt a headache coming on.

With Star Flag Bank already difficult to deal with, now there was the Chen family added to it. It seemed he needed not just to break through to the Breakthrough Realm but at least reach the third layer.

Then he could draw a few more superpowers, and perhaps he'd be able to contend with Chen Tianlong.

Wang Yongsan put on his shoes and opened the door to leave.

Chen Ran called out from behind, "Where are you going?"

"Out."

"Going out where?" Chen Ran was quite meddlesome.

Wang Yongsan impatiently replied, "Going out to look for trouble; you're not my girlfriend yet, so what business is it of yours?"

Looking for trouble?

Chen Ran loved looking for trouble.

Hearing this, she immediately jumped up from the sofa, changed her shoes while saying, "Alright then, let's go out and find trouble together."

Wang Yongsan sighed deeply, having given up on treatment.

The two went out together and wandered aimlessly.

Wang Yongsan thought that after walking for a while, Chen Ran would get tired and want to go back, allowing him to shake her off.

Unexpectedly, Chen Ran's stamina was excellent; after walking for over an hour, she didn't feel tired at all. Instead, Wang Yongsan was so entangled with her that he felt mentally exhausted.

"Hey, look over there; what's happening?"

As they walked, Chen Ran suddenly exclaimed.

Wang Yongsan was startled by her sudden outburst and, suppressing his anger, looked in the direction she pointed. To his surprise, he recognized someone there.

"Officer Hua."

"Do you know that policewoman?" Chen Ran asked curiously.

Wang Yongsan ignored her and walked forward on his own.

Chen Ran snorted, waving a small fist at Wang Yongsan's back before swaying her waist and following closely behind.

It was a crossroads where Officer Hua's police car had collided with another vehicle.

A crowd surrounded Officer Hua and the other driver.


Chapter 362:
The car owner pulled on Officer Hua Shengnan's police uniform while shouting to the crowd,

"Look! A policeman!"

"I was driving normally when she crashed into me and then hit me."

"Everyone record this! Let people see what our public servants are like, how powerful they are."

Hua Shengnan was unable to shake him off and hesitated to use force, as it would confirm the accusation of police brutality.

Her temper was already short, and now she was so angry that she felt like going mad.

Wang Yongsan saw things were getting out of hand. Hua Shengnan's gene restoration drug had side effects; if she got too emotional, she could turn back into a cyborg.

She was clearly trying to control herself, but if she couldn't and turned into a cyborg in public, her life would be over.

In his desperation, Wang Yongsan didn't care about anything else and rushed forward.

He pushed through the crowd to Hua Shengnan's side.

"Officer Hua, please don't get angry. Let's sort this out calmly."

Hua Shengnan saw it was Wang Yongsan and finally had someone to vent her grievances to.

"This bastard changed lanes illegally, I couldn't brake in time and hit him, but then he played the victim. I wanted to call the traffic police, but he's been holding onto me, saying I hit him."

"Did you hit him?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Hua Shengnan was furious: "With all these people around and cameras, would I be stupid enough to hit him?"

As soon as Hua Shengnan finished speaking, the driver holding onto her started shouting.

He pointed to a bruise on his face and yelled, "Not hit me? How did this bruise get here then? I tell you, if you don't give me an explanation today, I'll post this on the internet."

Hua Shengnan was furious but helpless.

He did indeed have a bruise, and even though there were cameras behind them, if he insisted she hit him, public opinion wouldn't care about video evidence.

Even if there was proof, it would be distorted by those with ill intentions into a fake video.

Wang Yongsan was also at a loss.

Hua Shengnan couldn't get angry, and if necessary, he was even willing to pay off the driver.

The commotion was just a way for him not to take responsibility; if Wang Yongsan gave him some money, he might back down.

However, just as Wang Yongsan was about to take out his wallet, he heard a "ding" in his mind.

At the sound of it, Wang Yongsan's heart leapt with joy.

He had been at home for three days, and he hadn't expected a mission so soon after going out.

"Ding! New task generated."

"Current Task: To Use Violence Against Violence."

"Task Description: In today's society, chaos abounds, and morally bankrupt individuals not only scam honest citizens but also show no respect for the police. Yet ignorant people cheer these bad citizens on, further fueling their arrogance.

The cost of breaking the law is too low; the law cannot effectively deal with these bad people.

However, even the police have no way to handle them, leaving ordinary citizens helpless.

As they say, if not me, then who will descend into hell?


Chapter 363:
As the host of the system, please use violent means within ten days to make lawbreakers feel the pain personally and restore morality to society."

"Task requirements: 1. Make lawbreakers feel fear so that they will no longer act recklessly. 2. Handle at least ten lawbreakers. 3. Minimize the negative impact of using violence to counter violence on society."

"Task completion, reward 60 points of 'Die Hard'积分, no punishment for failure."

Wang Yongsan rubbed his eyes and looked again.

This time, the task failure did not have any punishment.

Could it be that the 'Die Hard' system thought this task was too difficult and impossible for him to complete?

Wang Yongsan chuckled.

Regardless, this was sixty points of 'Die Hard'积分, almost enough to allow him to improve his physique by one point.

Even if there was no punishment for failure, the task must be completed.

"Everyone, take a look. This bruise on my face was given to me by this female police officer. Everyone, please bear witness. Only when we unite can we make these wolves in sheep's clothing stop bullying us."

The troublemaking driver shouted loudly, showing some potential as a传销经理.

Wang Yongsan approached with a smile, "Hey, uncle, where is this bruise? Let me see."

"Here, on this side." The troublemaking driver did not think much and directly showed Wang Yongsan the bruise on his face.

The next moment, however, a punch landed heavily on his face.








Wang Yongsan punched the troublemaking driver to the ground, hitting him right on the bruise he had shown Wang Yongsan.

"Where is this bruise? Show me again." Wang Yongsan squatted down and asked with a grin.

The surrounding onlookers were stunned.

Fang Shengnan was also stunned.

The troublemaking driver on the ground, however, was completely dazed by the punch and covered his face, forgetting to even cry out in pain.

Only Chen Ran inside the crowd had wide eyes and looked like he had found a kindred spirit.

Wang Yongsan reached out his hand, pulled the troublemaking driver's hand away from his face, and punched him again.

This time the other party finally reacted and screamed loudly while trying to block Wang Yongsan's punches.

However, this driver was just an ordinary person and had no chance of blocking Wang Yongsan's punches.

For a moment, the sounds of thuds echoed continuously.

"Help! Someone is killing!"

"Police, save me quickly! You're a police officer, right? Why aren't you doing anything when someone is fighting?"

Fang Shengnan stood there motionless.

She wanted to go up and stop Wang Yongsan, but for some reason, her body felt like it had been cast with a spell of immobility and she couldn't move at all.

Wang Yongsan stretched out his hand and pulled the troublemaking driver's hand away from his face, punching him again.

This time the other party finally reacted and screamed loudly while trying to block Wang Yongsan's punches.

However, this driver was just an ordinary person and had no chance of blocking Wang Yongsan's punches.

For a moment, the sounds of thuds echoed continuously.

"Help! Someone is killing!"

"Police, save me quickly! You're a police officer, right? Why aren't you doing anything when someone is fighting?"

Fang Shengnan stood there motionless.

She wanted to go up and stop Wang Yongsan, but for some reason, her body felt like it had been cast with a spell of immobility and she couldn't move at all.

"How dare you resist? Today, I'm going to see whether it's your mouth that's hard or my fists." Wang Yongsan rolled up his sleeves and continued to punch left and right.

The driver had initially been stubborn.

But after receiving more than a dozen punches, and with Wang Yongsan's strength increasing with each punch, he finally couldn't take it anymore.

"I was wrong, I was wrong."

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry."

"Please forgive me, I won't dare anymore."

The troublemaking driver knelt on the ground and kowtowed repeatedly.

Wang Yongsan asked, "Where were you wrong?"

The troublemaking driver replied with a sad expression, "I shouldn't have resisted the police officer. I should have been an honest person."

"You don't seem very honest to me."


Chapter 364:
After Wang Yongsan finished speaking, he kicked the driver to the ground and proceeded to brutally beat him.

"Aaaaaah, stop hitting me! I falsely accused her of hitting me; she didn't hit me at all." The troublemaking driver finally confessed the truth.

Wang Yongsan asked, "Then how did you get those bruises?"

The driver cried with tears streaming down his face, "I got them myself last night after drinking too much."

"Is that so?"

"Yes, yes, it's true. I did it myself," the troublemaking driver was genuinely terrified of being beaten and would have confessed even if he wasn't guilty.

Wang Yongsan chuckled, patting the troublemaking driver on the face and said, "You're lying. Those bruises on your face weren't caused by yourself."

"Ah?"

The troublemaking driver was momentarily confused.

His facial injuries were indeed self-inflicted, but what did this ferocious man mean?

Perhaps he wasn't actually helping the police officer but had other intentions.

As it turned out, he was overthinking it.

Wang Yongsan laughed and stood up, addressing the surrounding crowd recording videos: "Everyone saw it; those bruises on his face were caused by me."

As he spoke, he dragged the troublemaking driver up from the ground and punched him several more times.

This time, the driver was knocked unconscious.

The crowd taking photos stepped back in fear, worried that this madman wouldn't be satisfied with just beating them up.

However, they were overthinking it.

Wang Yongsan held the troublemaking driver by his collar and said to the crowd, "Make sure you capture everything clearly on video, and upload them all online."

"I'm doing this to let those morally corrupt individuals know that if you think playing dirty will allow you to escape legal punishment, then I'll use methods outside the law to deal with you."

"I won't kill you or cripple you, but I will make sure you feel uncomfortable and suffer every day."

"Don't believe me? Let's see."

After saying that, Wang Yongsan threw the troublemaking driver to the ground.

Then he smiled at Hua Shengnan and asked, "Officer Hua, how should I be punished for causing... it doesn't seem like a minor injury?"

Hua Shengnan looked at Wang Yongsan, her heart filled with mixed emotions.

This stinky brat was clearly committing a crime, but she couldn't bring herself to hate him.

She despised this stinky brat the most, yet here she was.

"Hey, hey, Officer Hua? With your character, you wouldn't be using your position for personal gain, would you?" Wang Yongsan raised his hand and waved it in front of Hua Shengnan's face.

"Hmph, I would never use my position for personal gain," Hua Shengnan said with her head held high, blushing slightly. "To beat someone or intentionally harm another person's body with relatively minor injuries, the offender shall be detained for not more than five days or fined not more than 500 yuan."

In reality, Hua Shengnan was already using her position for personal gain.

Because although the injured party wasn't severely hurt, it was quite impactful in public.

Therefore, according to the law, he should be punished more severely with a detention of five to ten days and a fine of 2,000 yuan.

Wang Yongsan chuckled and asked, "So if I beat him up, all I need to do is pay a 500-yuan fine?"

Hua Shengnan vaguely replied, "Something like that."

As soon as she finished speaking, Wang Yongsan took out a large sum of money.


Chapter 365:
```
He pointed out five and handed them to Hua Shengnan: "These are the fines I've paid."

Then, with a loud noise, he threw the remaining money onto the face of the driver causing trouble who was lying on the ground.

"The rest is for this grandson's medical expenses."

Arrogant.

Too arrogant.

Although Wang Yongsan did something that pleased everyone, his attitude was a bit too arrogant.

As a result, as soon as someone uploaded the video to the internet, it quickly caused a sensation.

- Rich people are awesome; they don't even need to be detained for fighting.

- The person upstairs is taking things out of context; it's a gratifying thing, so why do some people only see money?

- Anyway, rich people are always right; if they have money, they can just use it to settle things after an incident.

- Wow! Five hundred yuan makes you rich? I'll go find someone to beat up tomorrow too.

- Support the top floor, but you have to be able to beat someone up first.

- In public, in front of the camera and the police, beating someone up; how did so many people cheer for this? What's wrong with society these days?

- Everyone, pay attention; rich people are the focus; most of the comments saying good things must be water army, right?

- A bunch of stinky nerds, jabbering here; when the day comes and you get ripped off, you'll know how lucky it is to have someone stand up for you.

- That's right; rich people aren't all bad; if it were me, I would beat someone up too.

In an instant,

the largest forum in the country,

the news website with the most users,

the superblog with the highest number of followers,

were all filled with news of Wang Yongsan beating someone up.

Someone discovered that this Wang Yongsan was the person who had incited people not to spend their family's money on fruit machines outside the fruit store a few days ago.

Suddenly, there was another climax in the comments.

After the incident, within two hours, the 'Rich Second Generation Spends Money to Beat Someone' event quickly climbed to the top of Baidu, Sina Weibo, Yesterday's Headlines, NetEase News, and other major trending search lists.

After the last time with Rice and Apple Incident, Wang Yongsan became famous again.








At this time, Wang Yongsan was sitting in an Argentine shop with Chen Ran.

"Hey, Mom." Wang Yongsan answered a call.

On the other end of the phone, Wang Ma said worriedly: "Yongsan, there's a video circulating on the internet about beating someone up; is that you in it?"

"Uh, it's me." Wang Yongsan admitted honestly.

"Yongsan, the world is too complicated now; Mom doesn't think you did anything wrong, but some things look different to different people; there will be as many people cheering for you as there are cursing at you because of this."

"Mom doesn't expect you to achieve great things; Mom just wants you to be safe and happy."

Wang Ma's words were the most genuine thoughts of all mothers.

Now on the internet, opinions about Wang Yongsan's incident were divided into two camps.

One side strongly supported Wang Yongsan.

This world may have legal protection, but it has to be admitted that there are indeed some gray areas that cannot be defined by law.
```


Chapter 366:
In this situation, the existence of people like Wang Yongsan is undoubtedly more beneficial than harmful.

On the other hand, there is a completely identical viewpoint.

They believe that if there is a Wang Yongsan, there will be another Wang Yongsan. If everyone shouts out when they see injustice on the road, the world will fall apart.

Both sides have valid points, so neither side can convince the other.

As the debate escalates, it gradually turns into mutual cursing between two groups of people, which naturally will also involve Wang Yongsan.

There are still quite a few people who support him now, but there are also an enormous number of people cursing him.

Wang Yongsan is still very young, and Wang Ma is worried that he cannot withstand this kind of pressure.

"Don't worry, Mom, I expected all of this. The society nowadays is too absurd. If we don't suppress the arrogance of those trash, even good people will learn to do bad things."

There is a saying that fits well.

Why would good people turn bad?

Because they feel it's unfair.

Honest and upright people will be bullied wherever they go, while cunning and selfish people, although their reputation is not good, gain actual benefits.

What Wang Yongsan needs to do now is to make these trash not only have a bad reputation but also fail to gain any actual benefits.

"Sigh~!"

Wang Ma sighed.

Her son has grown up, and she doesn't want to interfere too much.

Thousands of words are hidden in her heart, all contained in this single "sigh".

After hanging up the phone.

Chen Ran laughed insensitively: "Hey, are you really doing this on purpose? Causing such a huge public opinion, do you want to become famous? Want to embark on the path of show business?"

Wang Yongsan rolled his eyes.

"You want to go into show business! What I just said is the truth, I want to change this society."

Chen Ran covered her mouth and laughed disdainfully.

Wang Yongsan didn't want to pay attention to her and took out his phone to call a senior.

This senior of his is a leader of online hired fighters (water army) and once asked him for money, so they know each other.

Just now, Wang Yongsan was also browsing the headlines, and the comment section reminded him of something - hiring online fighters (water army).

The task requires minimizing the impact of using violence to counter violence on society.

Judging from the current situation, this impact has already been extremely huge and quite negative.

And if we want to reverse the public opinion trend, hiring online fighters (water army) is the most cost-effective deal.

The call was connected.

"Hello, senior, I'm Yongsan."

"I know, I know, why did Junior think of calling me?"

Wang Yongsan laughed heartily: "Senior should have seen the news, right?"

"Haha, to be honest, Junior's fame is now too big; even if I don't want to see it, I can't avoid it. By the way, Junior, you called me because of this matter?"

Wang Yongsan affirmed: "Yes, Senior, I want to ask you for help."

The senior hesitated on the other end of the line before saying, "Junior, it's not that Senior is being petty. You know, in our line of work, we rely on the number of people to do things. If it's just me alone, I definitely won't accept Junior's money, but..."

```


Chapter 367:
```
Wang Yongsan responded, "Senior brother, what are you talking about? Of course I have to spend money when I come looking for you. Even close brothers settle accounts clearly, right?"

"Haha, alright then. Since junior brother says so, I'll try my best to negotiate a lower price for you."

"Price is easy, but the key lies in effectiveness."

Wang Yongsan, with his wealth, said confidently, "I want the current public opinion to spread in a favorable direction for me. As for money, you name your price, and I'll pay daily."

"What? Junior brother, you still want to stir up more trouble?"

Wang Yongsan certainly intended to continue causing chaos.

Within ten days, he needed to deal with at least ten moral offenders.

The first incident had already caused a great uproar, which was why the system doubted his ability to complete the task.

"You don't have to worry about the rest. Just make sure to praise my reputation as much as possible. As for money, I'll transfer it to the same account you provided last time."

After discussing business, Wang Yongsan hung up the phone.

Chen Ran's eyes twinkled as she suddenly had an idea.

She chuckled, then moved from across Wang Yongsan to sit beside him before whispering in his ear:

"My dear, I think your method of playing with fire should be taught to me."

Wang Yongsan raised an eyebrow, "Didn't we agree that I would have half a month to consider?"

"But you made a mistake and left evidence in my hands, what can I do?" Chen Ran blinked her big eyes and threatened, "If you don't teach me how to play with fire, I'll cause trouble for you. I'll hire online trolls to smear your reputation. Hehe, let's see who has more money then."

My elder brother!

Wang Yongsan's fists clenched with a crackling sound.

"Chen Ran, you're too mischievous; you won't be able to find a husband like this." Wang Yongsan said, trying to hold back his dizziness.

Chen Ran chuckled, "Don't worry, as long as you teach me how to control fire, we can still consider our previous agreement."

Consider my ass!

Wang Yongsan panted heavily, "Alright then, as we agreed before, if you want to back out, it's fine. We can fight till the end; I won't compromise this time no matter what!"

If controlling fire was a skill that could be taught, Wang Yongsan might have already compromised.

However, controlling fire was a power granted by the system of self-destruction; Wang Yongsan could only use it for himself and had no idea how to teach it.

Chen Ran, despite her temperamental nature of a young lady, was exceptionally clever.

Wang Yongsan's attitude was so firm that she didn't want to really fall out with him just to learn how to control fire.

So she smiled and said, "Okay okay, I'm just joking with you. As long as you teach me how to control fire, I can get mainstream media to praise you; even praising you as Yue Fei is possible."

"We'll see." Wang Yongsan responded indifferently.

At that moment, he was scrolling through his phone, searching for moral events suitable for tasks.

Surprisingly, there were numerous reports about immoral acts in the news; just by flipping through casually, Wang Yongsan found seven or eight of them.








"Brother, I was wrong. I won't do it again; please forgive me."

"Where were you wrong?"

"I shouldn't have tried to extort money from the elderly scavengers. I knew they had no money; I just wanted to take advantage of them and have some fun beating them up."

"Are you having fun now?"

```
Note: The last part of the Chinese text appears to be truncated, so I have translated only the complete parts. If there is more content following this, please provide it for a full translation.


Chapter 368:
"Ah?"

Wang Yongsan grabbed the other person's head and said to the people around him, "Everyone took a clear picture. My name is Wang Yongsan. I speak for honest people. If anyone dares to bully an honest person and is known by me, it will be this kind of end."

Wow~

A stack of money was thrown on the other person's face.

Wang Yongsan left with his head held high.

"The Second Generation of the Rich Strikes Again, a Man from Toyota in Western Wilderness City is Beaten to Tears"

"An Innocent Old Man Picking Up Trash is Beaten, the Second Generation of the Rich Stands up for Him and Uses His Own Way to Return It"

"Last Time it was a Scoundrel, This Time it's an Abuser, Is it Really Eliminating Harm for the People or Just Venting One's Own Malice under the Pretext of Morality?"

"Touched and Stopped, Five Hundred Yuan Once, the Legal Cost is Too Low, It's Time to Change the Legal Boundary"

"The Internet Morality Alliance is Established, the Second Generation of the Rich Wang Yongsan is Elected as the First Chairman"

"Using the Method of the Lawbreaker to Combat Illegal and Disorderly Acts, One Has to Admit that the Person Who Beats People is Truly Wise"

...

The outside world was filled with comments,

At this time,

Wang Yongsan was in the rental house, being questioned by two girls.

Chen Ran hated this small and dirty place, so she stayed in a five-star hotel at night.

But during the day, she had been pestering Wang Yongsan and even pulled him around, making Wang Yongsan smell of her perfume.

Chen Ran used things that were the best in the world.

Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi were both simple girls, just a casual sniff, they knew that this smell was not from either of them.

So:

"Say, what's going on?" Luo Yusha asked coldly.

Wang Yongsan sighed, "I've said it all, it's really Chen Ran. I swear by the light."

Lin Shishi shook her head, "Sister Sha asked not this question."

"Then what is it?" Wang Yongsan asked in confusion.

Lin Shishi coughed and asked, "Sister Sha is asking you, what exactly is your relationship with Chen Ran? Why does she come to find you again and again, and even make you smell of her perfume."

Again and again?

It was obviously only twice, okay.

But whether it was two or three times, the nature was the same.

Wang Yongsan confessed, "Sister Sha, Lin classmate, I swear by the light again. Chen Ran and I really only have enmity but no friendship. She comes to find me because she wants to learn something from me, but I won't teach her, so she keeps pestering me. I really have no choice."

"Impossible?" Lin Shishi didn't believe it.

She had never met Chen Ran, she just heard about her.

Putting oneself in someone else's shoes, Lin Shishi felt that it was impossible for a girl to be so proactive.

However, Luo Yusha had met Chen Ran once, so she knew that this girl was a bit arrogant and might really come to find Wang Yongsan on her own initiative.

"Forget it, Shishi, I believe he and that woman haven't done anything. But Yongsan, next time something like this happens, can you tell me first instead of waiting for us to ask before you say it?"

"Okay, okay, I'll report proactively next time."

Wang Yongsan wiped his sweat.

"Alright, let's not talk about this anymore. Let's discuss another issue."

```


Chapter 369:
Rosy pulled out her phone, found the news, and placed it in front of Wang Yongsan, asking, "What's going on here?"

Wang Yongsan let out a sigh of relief and grinned, "This is just an ordinary act of kindness. There's nothing more to it."

Rosy scoffed, "It's fine if you do good deeds, but why did the person you helped happen to be Officer Hua?"

"This..."

Wang Yongsan was left speechless.

Such a coincidence is something no one can explain.

Rosy snorted, "In my opinion, you're clearly plotting something."

Lin Shishi also chimed in, "Exactly, not only did you help her, but you deliberately showed off, doing things so brazenly right in front of her. If I were there and saw you being so impressive, I would have fallen for you on the spot."

"Tell us, do you have feelings for Officer Hua?" Rosy demanded.

Wang Yongsan was almost driven to tears by the question.

The relationship between him and Hua Shengnan was probably even worse than with Chen Ran.

Hua Shengnan had always called him a stinky brat, and even last time when he helped Hua Shengnan obtain the gene restoration serum, she didn't give him a good look. Let alone this time when he just did something small.

"Rosy, Lin classmate, I'm innocent! In the evening, I also did another good deed. If it was for Officer Hua, then what about this one?"

"Humph, what's so hard to explain?"

Rosy said, "You were afraid we would suspect you, so you deliberately helped someone else to try and use this to silence us, right?"

"That must be it. Classmate Wang, Officer Hua is older than us by half a generation. She's at least twenty-five or six years old. You, how could you... ah!"

Lin Shishi pretended to look disappointed.

Wang Yongsan looked confused.

What's going on here?

What did I do wrong?

Why don't you believe me, huh?

Wang Yongsan wanted to cry as he said, "Rosy, I and Officer Hua are truly innocent. I just wanted to do something for society. If you don't believe me, then watch this—tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and the day after that, I will continue to do this as usual."

"Until one day, society changes because of me, or I get caught."

Rosy and Lin Shishi exchanged glances.

They didn't expect that the man they liked had such lofty aspirations in his heart.

Changing society with one's own strength—although it sounds a bit overestimated.

But once someone truly takes action, regardless of success or failure, it is worthy of respect.

Now that they think about it, maybe what happened today was just a chance encounter.

The next day,

It was Saturday.

This time not only Chen Ran but even Rosy and Lin Shishi followed Wang Yongsan to see him "fight violence with violence."

The incident from yesterday hadn't died down yet, and there were still many people discussing Wang Yongsan's fight.

However,

Soon they found that there was a new incident happening again.

"Third Time Lucky for Rich Second-Generation: Teaching a Lesson to Elderly Living Alone's Unfilial Children"

"Arrogant Cayenne Man Slaps Traffic Cop After Violation, Only to Be Given 20 Smacks by Wang Yongsan and Taught a Lesson"

```


Chapter 370:
“The Government Departments, Hard to Enter? Unpleasant Faces? Difficult Tasks? A Second Generation Rich Man Demonstrates How to Improve the Efficiency of Public Servants”

On the third day,

On the fourth day,

On the fifth day.

As one by one new events were reported, Wang Yongsan's popularity was also increasing day by day.

The headlines of major media outlets had already become his regular haunts, and almost every time they were opened, the first news was about Wang Yongsan beating someone again.

However,

I don't know from which day the news title had changed from a second generation rich man beating people to Morality Alliance eliminating harm for society.

At the same time, besides Wang Yongsan, more and more members of the 'Morality Alliance' gradually stood up.








With the media's push, the name 'Morality Alliance' gradually expanded from Lu Shan Province to the whole country.

Many people verified their identities and joined the 'Morality Alliance'.

Every time there was a new event, Morality Alliance members immediately jumped out to cheer and rally, with a response from hundreds.

For a while,

Many guys who liked to take advantage of small things, commit crimes, and constantly made minor mistakes began to feel anxious.

Society seemed to become cleaner all of a sudden.

On the tenth day.

"Ding Dong, congratulations on exceeding your task quota and earning a 120-point reward for doing things."

Wang Yongsan was delighted in his heart.

These days, he had personally handled only fifteen task slots.

As for why he could get double the reward, Wang Yongsan estimated that it should be related to the establishment of Morality Alliance.

The things done by those who shared the same ideals and wanted to improve social atmosphere, were also related to Wang Yongsan in some way or another.

So the system of doing things would give so many rewards.

"Another 120 points, now I have 245 points. As long as I get another 160 points, I can reach the peak of the Pulse Channeling realm."

"I wonder if there will be corresponding Xuan Pills when I reach the Breakthrough Cavity realm."

Wang Yongsan thought about it and felt that there shouldn't be any.

Because if there were Xuan Pills to improve cultivation in the Breakthrough Cavity realm, then people like Ye Qinggong shouldn't have been stuck at the first level of Breakthrough Cavity.

But as long as he could reach the Breakthrough Cavity realm, even if it was just the first level, it should be enough.

With control over fire superpowers and his own strength, as long as he could ensure that he wouldn't be instantly killed, he would eventually be able to wear down his opponent.

This was also why Wang Yongsan had asked Chen Tianlong for the Cadillac Frost Protection Necklace, because he didn't want his own restraining items to be in the hands of uncontrollable people.

"245 points, I can buy three points of physique but cannot directly upgrade to the peak of Pulse Channeling."

"Better keep it for now, just in case something unexpected happens."

Wang Yongsan closed the points mall.

He said to Chen Ran, "Let's go back."

Today was not the weekend, both Luo Yusha and Lin Shishu were in school, only Miss Chen followed Wang Yongsan to go out "looking for trouble".

Miss heard the words and asked in doubt, "It's not even lunchtime yet. I just found another target, let's finish it before going back."

</div>


Chapter 371:
Wang Yongsan shook his head, "Why fight when we've already fought so much? The impact is already significant enough. If this continues, if we take away the police's job, who knows, I might be the next one to get caught."

Chen Ran scoffed, "With me around, who would dare to catch you?"

Wang Yongsan rolled his eyes.

In Lu Mountain, Chen Tianlong was indeed a powerful figure.

But China is vast, and it's not just Lu Mountain.

With the internet so developed now, what Wang Yongsan was truly worried about was being noticed by those 'above.'

Sometimes, certain things really shouldn't be thought about too much; once you start thinking, it becomes easy to get into trouble.

While Wang Yongsan was worried about being noticed by those above, he didn't expect them to have already taken notice of him.

At the Zhong Beihai, located in a corner of the capital, all who lived there were either high-ranking officials or those who had retired from such positions.

At this moment, inside a courtyard, two elderly men were seated opposite each other.

One of them had a stern expression and said to the other, "Old Wu, look at society now. People have money, their lives are good, and they start to not know how to behave."

The one called Old Wu smiled gently, "Old Gu, what's the matter that has you so upset?"

The elder with the surname Gu snorted coldly, "What else could it be? It's definitely the recent buzz about the Moral Alliance. In this modern society, how can there still be people forming such gangs? It's clearly a brainwashing organization under the guise of righteousness."

Old Wu looked much more amiable and merely smiled faintly upon hearing this, without responding.

Seeing this, the elder surnamed Gu frowned and said, "Old Wu, what's your attitude? The public security sector is under your jurisdiction, right? Now that someone has bypassed the law and used torture on their own accord, as a leader, don't you feel embarrassed?"

"Haha, I actually think that young man has a sense of justice." Old Wu said indifferently.

The elder surnamed Gu was dissatisfied, "A sense of justice? Old Wu, you used to be the most rigid among us. How come in your old age, you've started doing these superficial things?"

"Superficial?" Old Wu asked.

The elder surnamed Gu raised his brows, "Isn't it superficial?"

"What is a sense of justice? Acting chivalrously within the boundaries allowed by law, that's a sense of justice. Acting chivalrously beyond the boundaries allowed by law, that's not adhering to rules."

"Without mentioning anything else, now that the Moral Alliance is so famous, how can you guarantee there aren't people with ulterior motives within it?"

Old Wu shook his head.

Any organization would inevitably have both good and bad people within it.

Especially since the Moral Alliance was an online and grassroots organization without even a written set of rules.

It could be imagined that the people within it must be mixed with both good and bad elements.

"That's exactly it." The elder surnamed Gu slammed his hand on the table, exasperated.

He said, "So you see, I think it's necessary to teach the Moral Alliance a lesson, and it would be best to use their rich second-generation leader as an example, completely crushing them in one go."

"But he always hits people with restraint; it's just a matter of locking him up for a few days, which won't be of much use."

Old Wu also understood that the existence of the Moral Alliance would eventually become more harmful than beneficial.

However, at present, Wang Yongsan's mistakes were not severe enough to warrant too much targeting of him; at most, it would just be criticism and education.

The elder surnamed Gu laughed, "Old Wu, I have a way to deal with him."


Chapter 372:
Wang Yongsan did not know.

Although he had already realized the danger and stopped early, he was still noticed by others.

Moreover, those who noticed him were big figures in the temple.

These people are all powerful and can make a decision with one word. Their efficiency in doing things is naturally beyond doubt.

Wang Yongsan finally got rid of Chen Ran and just returned to the rental house when he found someone waiting for him.

"Young friend Wang, your complexion looks much better than a few days ago."

Waiting at the door was none other than Lushan branch director of the secret police, Ling Yunzhi.

"Director Ling, why are you here?" Wang Yongsan hurriedly greeted him.

Last time he was targeted by Xingqi Bank, Director Ling protected him and was injured at that time.

Although Director Ling was wearing a suit now, and the bandages on his body could not be seen, but from his somewhat unnatural posture, it could be seen that his injury had not fully healed yet.

Director Ling shook his head and said with a bitter smile, "Young friend Wang, I am a police officer. I believe you can guess my intention for coming this time?"

"Is it, Director Ling going to arrest me again?" Wang Yongsan said half-jokingly and half-seriously.

Who would have thought that Director Ling would seriously nod his head.

"That's right, and these are orders directly issued by the temple. Young friend Wang, what you have done in recent days is a bit too much."

Wang Yongsan sighed.

He knew that the points from the suicide missions were not so easy to obtain. This time it was completed easily, and trouble would definitely come knocking next.

As expected, as soon as he received the points, trouble immediately arrived.








The other party was a figure from the temple, and it is said that there are less than thirty of them in the whole country, each with overwhelming power.

Although Wang Yongsan had some strength, in the eyes of those people, he was probably no different from an ordinary civilian.

"Young friend Wang, you don't have to be nervous first. The temple issued this order with a relatively polite tone and attitude, maybe it's not because of this matter."

Seeing Wang Yongsan's gloomy face, Director Ling had to speak to comfort him.

Wang Yongsan shook his head and said, "It won't be. How could the temple take notice of me if it wasn't because of this matter?"

"Well... maybe it's because you and Chen Tianlong destroyed the Holy Lord Church that the higher-ups know about it, maybe they want to reward you."

Director Ling had just heard about the Holy Lord Church incident too.

However, even he himself did not believe that a figure from the temple would travel thousands of miles just to bring someone over for a reward.

When the temple gives an order, no one in China dares to disobey.

Wang Yongsan did not know what would happen after going there, and before leaving, he asked to make a phone call to Luo Yusha and his family.

He lied that he had some business to take care of and needed to go on a trip, but did not dare to tell them that he was summoned by a figure from the temple.

Since the order issued by the temple to Director Ling was not harsh, there was no restriction on Wang Yongsan contacting outsiders.

After Wang Yongsan finished the phone call, Director Ling directly took him to the airport.

Capital,

Zhong Beihai (Central North Sea).

During the journey, whether it was by plane or car, Wang Yongsan did not see any windows, as if he were in a prisoner transport vehicle.

When he got off the car, he had already arrived at his destination.


Chapter 373:
“Wow, this place… is so cool.”

Wang Yongsan thought for a long time before coming up with such an adjective.

The surrounding environment was filled with smoke, and amidst the green mountains and clear waters, cranes were soaring in the sky while carps chased each other playfully in the streams. On the ground, various wild animals were grazing on tender grasses.

As far as one could see, it seemed like a piece of paradise on earth.

Every few distances, there would be one or two ancient palace-like buildings.

“Ling Yunzhi, is this the heiress?”

A voice pulled Wang Yongsan back from his thoughts to reality.

Then he heard Ling Bu's answer: “Mr. Wu, Mr. Gu, Mr. Sun, this is Wang Yongsan.”

"Hmm, stay here, you can leave now."

One of the elders waved his hand dismissively.

Ling Bu nodded and turned to Wang Yongsan, saying, "Mr. Wang, I'll wait for you outside. Remember not to wander around here; there are hidden guards everywhere. If you act too aggressively, you might get shot for no apparent reason."

As the Zhong Beihai, one of the most mysterious places in China, it was rumored that there would be at least one guard on duty every 50 meters, both visible and hidden.

Not to mention the three elders in front of him whom Ling Bu treated with utmost respect; Wang Yongsan naturally wouldn't stir up trouble.

"Thank you, Director Ling, I will be careful."

After Ling Bu left, Wang Yongsan looked over and saw that two of them were around 70 years old, while the other was only in his early 50s.

Moreover, the elder who was in his early 50s dressed quite peculiarly.

The three exchanged glances, and the youngest elder in ancient costume spoke first: "You must be Wang Yongsan?"

"Indeed."

Wang Yongsan maintained his composure.

He believed he had done nothing wrong; even if there were mistakes, they were minor compared to his contributions.

"I heard that you can perform Xuan Shu, is it true?" The elder in ancient costume asked with anticipation.

Wang Yongsan's heart skipped a beat, wondering if these people were looking for him because of the fight.

Since controlling fire was no longer a secret, Wang Yongsan hesitated for only a second before nodding and saying, "Yes."

The elder's eyes lit up as he asked, "Can you demonstrate it for us to see?"

Seeing the eager expression on his face, Wang Yongsan couldn't refuse. Red light began to gather in his eyes, and soon formed into a red flame. With a 'whoosh' sound, a fist-sized red fireball appeared in midair.

The three elders were visibly excited, especially the elder in ancient costume who exclaimed in surprise, "With only a cultivation level of Xuan Mai Realm, without any props or hand gestures, you can instantly perform Xuan Shu. It's unbelievable!"

Wu Lao, who was beside him, asked curiously, "What's so special about that?"

The elder in ancient costume sighed and replied, "It's not just special; such a technique has never been recorded in history. Perhaps it only existed during the Qin Dynasty or earlier."

He then asked Wang Yongsan, "Young friend, how did you do it?"

Wang Yongsan cleared his throat and repeated the same explanation he gave Chen Tianlong.


Chapter 374:
"It's like this, I once ate a strange fruit, and later found that I had the ability to control fire. As for what's going on specifically, I can't figure it out either."

Rare treasures, extremely difficult to obtain.

Even the old man in ancient costume had never come across them.

Therefore, for Wang Yongsan's answer, he also found it difficult to discern its authenticity.

"Young friend, let me introduce myself first. I am Xu Zhuo, a mage as well, with the ability to control water."

As Xu Zhuo spoke, his hands moved continuously.

A moment later.

The tea water on the stone table in front of him suddenly began to spin, and then it turned into a water sword that struck the nearby stone pillar with a 'snap'.

A dent appeared on the pillar, the power of this water sword was comparable to that of a sniper bullet.

Wang Yongsan's mouth formed an 'O' shape.

This was the first time he had seen someone other than himself use a 'superpower', and it felt even more novel than when he used his own superpower.

"Uh, I'm not sure what the leader means by telling me all this?"

Wang Yongsan came to his senses and asked.

Xu Zhuo laughed heartily and said, "Young friend, your talent in magic far surpasses mine, and entering the court is just a matter of time. I wonder if you would be interested in joining us, so that we can study magic together and enjoy ourselves."

Wang Yongsan finally understood why the other party had invited him over this time; it turned out to be for recruitment.

However…

"I'm not sure what the leader means by joining you?"

Xu Zhuo patiently explained:

"Young friend may not know, since the Qin Dynasty, our mages have almost fallen into decline. The remaining mages today are mostly practicing foreign stolen techniques."

"Stolen techniques, naturally cannot compare to regular ones, so our mages have always been weaker than those of other countries."

"Therefore, the state has specially established a Mage Guild to support us mages."

"As long as you join us, I, Xu Zhuo, can guarantee here that we will provide you with the best resources to make your magic cultivation faster."

"What do you think, young friend?"

Xu Zhuo stared at him with anticipation in his eyes.

In his opinion, as a mage, the most important thing is to improve one's cultivation. He had offered such a good opportunity to the other party, even a fool would not refuse it.








Wang Yongsan was not a fool, but he would not be fooled so easily either.

After hesitating for a moment, Wang Yongsan asked quietly: "Leader, I want to ask, if I join the Mage Guild, what obligations do I have?"

There is no such thing as a free lunch in this world, Wang Yongsan did not believe that the other party was recruiting him just to help him improve his cultivation.

Xu Zhuo laughed and said, "What obligations are there? Although we have an oral agreement with the state that we must step forward in times of national crisis, but considering our country's prosperity, how could there be any crises?"

"Moreover, even if there is a crisis, even if we have not enjoyed the benefits of the guild, as Chinese citizens, how could we bear to stand by and do nothing?"

Wang Yongsan nodded.

If it was just such an obligation, even if he did not join the guild, Wang Yongsan would still fulfill it.


Chapter 375:
However,

Xu Zhuo's next words were something that Wang Yongsan could not accept.

"Young friend, you don't need to hesitate anymore. As long as you join the Mage Guild, we will not only provide you with the best cultivation resources and conditions, but also have specialized people to guide you in using magic."

"And you just need to stay at the guild every day and focus on your cultivation."

Wang Yongsan's brows furrowed slightly.

"Leader Xu, the Mage Guild should be in the capital, right? If I cultivate here, won't it be inconvenient to go home?"

From the capital to Longtai, even by plane, it takes more than two hours round trip.

Xu Zhuo laughed heartily.

"Young friend, what you said sounds a bit naive."

"Leader, how so?" Wang Yongsan asked humbly for advice.

Xu Zhuo's expression turned serious as he said earnestly, "When we mages cultivate, we emphasize self-cultivation and tranquility. We must be single-minded in our cultivation, only then can we progress quickly. As for family and friends, they are also an invisible distraction to our cultivation, so the less we see them, the better."

Upon hearing this, Wang Yongsan immediately made up his mind.

People have different aspirations,

Wang Yongsan's greatest wish was for his family and friends to live a happy life.

If he couldn't be with his family, if he couldn't be with Luo Yusha, what was the use of having all those superpowers?

Moreover,

Wang Yongsan's superpower was not cultivated through practice. He also didn't have that much time to cultivate.

So, after weighing his words carefully, Wang Yongsan still directly refused.

"I'm sorry, Leader Xu, I have my own way of cultivating. So, I apologize."

Xu Zhuo didn't expect Wang Yongsan to refuse him, and for a moment he was stunned.

At this time, the ancient who had not spoken all this while suddenly snorted coldly and spoke up.

"What an ignorant brat, young and restless, no wonder you caused such a big stir in society. You must be feeling quite proud of yourself now, right?"

This old man had been looking at Wang Yongsan with disdain since the beginning.

Wang Yongsan didn't know what he had done to offend him.

Upon hearing this, Wang Yongsan furrowed his brows and said, "Leader, I have never felt proud because of what I've done recently. On the contrary, I feel sad for there being so many people who need a beating in society. What I do is to make this society slightly better."

"Haha, slightly better?"

The ancient said unkindly, "There are laws in the country and rules in the family. When did it become your turn to change society?"

Wang Yongsan snorted coldly and mocked,

"What leader said is exactly what I want to ask. If the laws and rules are really perfect, then why are there so many social scum, and in the end, it still requires a civilian like me to use illegal means to be the first to act?"

"You..."

The ancient was choked by his own words, and his already unhappy mood became even worse.

Wang Yongsan thought that today's topic would not be discussed, but now it seems that the other party failed to recruit him, and they were going to start causing trouble.

However, Wang Yongsan did not intend to be subservient and obedient, saying whatever the other party said.

Although it is often said that civilians should not fight with officials, Wang Yongsan's body did not have such a slave nature.

He spoke with righteousness, "


Chapter 376:
“Gentlemen, I am a law-abiding citizen. Before this incident, I have never engaged in any illegal or unruly behavior. However, our laws do indeed have loopholes.”

“Let’s not talk about the past, but look at the current society where we have deadbeats and scammers. Can our laws really deal with them?”

“We live an honest life, abide by the law, but once we are not careful, we fall into the traps of those scum and cause losses. Who will compensate us then?”

“The law cannot control those evil people, but it comes after us who refuse to be cheated and fight back bravely.”

“Isn’t the law also a bully?”

‘Bang~’

A heavy sound echoed.

Gulou slammed his hand on the stone table, and his face turned red with anger.

He pointed at Wang Yongsan and shouted in a voice filled with both shame and anger, “Ignorant brat! How dare you speak nonsense in front of me? You know nothing!”

“Gulou, don’t get angry. Your health is not good; take it easy.”

Seeing him lose his temper, Wu Lao beside him quickly stepped forward to comfort him.

Xu Zhu was also a bit nervous and winked at Wang Yongsan, “Young Wang, why don’t you apologize to Master Gulou quickly?”

As a fellow mage, he was naturally inclined towards Wang Yongsan.

However, Wang Yongsan had a stubborn temper; he believed he was right and refused to apologize.

“I consider myself someone who has never done anything wrong. Even if hitting someone is wrong, according to the law, it’s just a matter of detention for a few days. At worst, I will go to jail.”

“Unless you use your power for personal gain and frame me, then I have nothing to say.”

Wang Yongsan was determined.

He had said such decisive words that as a person in power, the other party would either get angry and send him to hell or consider their reputation and let him go.

Although the chances of the former were higher, Wang Yongsan had already offended them; if he continued to endure humiliation, it would probably be useless.

Moreover, they wanted to recruit him…

Unless he agreed and joined the Mage Guild, even if he apologized and begged for forgiveness, they might not let him go.

“Never done anything wrong?”

“Framing?”

Gulou’s face turned dark, and he sneered, “Then what about your association with the cyborgs?”

Wang Yongsan’s brows furrowed.

The matter of the cyborgs was a double-edged sword; if they used it against him, there was indeed a possibility of trapping him.

Seeing Wang Yongsan being intimidated by his words, Gulou’s face began to show a mocking expression.

He continued to question Wang Yongsan:

“If you had simple contact with them, it would be one thing since cyborgs were also ordinary people before they received genetic modification. They might have relatives and friends, so maybe you knew each other beforehand. But what about your dealings with the cyborgs?”

“I don’t know what you took from them or who you used it on.”

“But I can tell you…”

“No matter what dealings you had with the cyborgs, it is unforgivable!”

Gulou stared at Wang Yongsan with his tiger-like eyes, each word firm and powerful.








Regarding the cyborgs, Wang Yongsan had something to say.

He spoke seriously, “Sir, may I ask you, why are normal people not allowed to deal with cyborgs?”

</div>


Chapter 377:
Old Kun snorted disdainfully: “Why else? As the ancients said, ‘Those who are not of our kind must have different hearts.’ Moreover, the current cyborgs have defective genes and are mostly cold-hearted and indifferent. They also possess extraordinary strength. If we treat them like ordinary people, it will inevitably cause social unrest.”

“Absurd!” Wang Yongsan sneered.

“What did you say?” Old Kun widened his eyes. If he could defeat Wang Yongsan, he would definitely kick him in the stomach immediately.

“I said you don’t understand cyborgs at all!”

Wang Yongsan stood his ground, staring back and retorted: “Cyborgs are no different from us. It’s because of the Blood Skull experiment that they were forced to become cyborgs.”

“They are victims themselves. As a leader, not only can you not protect them, but now that they have been destroyed and are homeless, with their fragile minds, you don’t even care for or love them. Instead, you categorize them as different and look down on them.”

“Let me tell you something unpleasant. If all the leaders of our country were like you, I truly doubt if our country has a future.”

Wang Yongsan’s words were firm and resolute.

When dealing with cyborgs, Old Zhu was so angry on his birthday when he saw the ears cut off from cyborgs that he almost spat out blood.

Even if Wang Yongsan was completely ignorant of social graces, he could see that Old Zhu treated cyborgs as human beings.

However, the Old Kun in front of him openly said that cyborgs were not his kind.

Wang Yongsan suddenly had no more good feelings for him.

“You, you, you…”

Old Kun clutched his chest and trembled with anger.

Wu Lao and Xu Zhu, who were beside him, were both startled.

They knew that Old Kun had heart disease, and if he was so angered today that he died, it might become one of the biggest events in the country.

“Xiao Xu, take him away first.” Wu Lao said to Xu Zhu.

He was afraid that Wang Yongsan would say something else without restraint and directly anger his hot-tempered friend to death.

Xu Zhu cautiously asked, “Wu Lao, shall we leave him here?”

Wu Lao nodded.

Xu Zhu understood his meaning.

He quietly walked to Wang Yongsan’s side and beckoned to him: “Let’s go, I’ll take you somewhere to rest first.”

To find a place to rest meant not allowing him to leave.

Wang Yongsan understood in his heart that since he had angered someone so much, it seemed unlikely that things would end well.

But he did not regret it.

He believed what he did was right.

Old Kun might be a person in the temple, but the temple was not his alone.

The great Chinese nation has been able to stand firm in the East for so many years because there must be extraordinary beings in the temple. They should not let Old Kun persecute him.

When they arrived, it was a two-story villa.

The environment here was still quite good, but Wang Yongsan had already discovered the difference using his Qi-sensing technique.

There were at least twenty high-level martial artists of the fifth layer or above hidden around the two-story villa. It seemed that these people really intended to detain him.

Xu Zhu brought Wang Yongsan into the villa, and only then did he sigh and say: “Young Wang, your temper is too fiery.”

Wang Yongsan rolled his eyes.

In his opinion, the one with a bad temper was Old Kun instead.


Chapter 378:
Xu Zhuo looked at his expression and knew that he was not convinced.

"What you said today does make some sense, but there are some things that sound simple but are actually very difficult to do." Xu Zhuo shook his head repeatedly.

Legislation requires time and careful consideration.

Taking the issue of people pretending to be injured by being hit by a car as an example, if the law states that it is legal to kill someone who pretends to be injured by being hit by a car, there will definitely be fewer people doing it in the future, and it may even disappear completely.

However, what if someone intentionally claims that they were pretending to be injured by being hit by a car after killing someone?

It is better for an honest person to be bullied everywhere than to be killed by someone pretending to be injured by being hit by a car.

As for people like Wang Yongsan, who would actively look for trouble if no one bothers him, who would dare to pretend to be injured by being hit by a car in front of him?

Therefore, one should never be too honest.

Wang Yongsan has his own set of principles and will not easily be swayed by others.

What he is worried about now is how long he will be detained here.

"May I make a phone call to my family, Xu leader?"

Xu Zhuo shook his head and laughed: "This place is the Zhong Bei Hai, one of the most secretive places in the world. Regular phone signals are blocked here; you need a satellite phone to make calls."

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and blushed: "Then… may I borrow your satellite phone for a moment?"

Xu Zhuo shook his head again: "I'm afraid I can't help you with that; it would be a mistake."

Wang Yongsan had no choice but thought for a moment and said, "Could you please ask Minister Ling, who brought me here, to inform my family that I am safe?"

Xu Zhuo shook his head again: "That's not possible either."

Xu Zhuo said seriously, "Everything that happens in Zhong Bei Hai is confidential. I advise you to admit your mistakes to Gu Lao or join our Mage Guild as soon as possible. Once we are family, Gu Lao might show you mercy."

Wang Yongsan would never choose to join the Mage Guild; otherwise, he wouldn't be able to leave today or possibly ever in the future.

Moreover, he doesn't care about Gu Lao showing mercy either.

Xu Zhuo tried to persuade him a few more times but left in embarrassment when he saw that Wang Yongsan wouldn't listen.

The matter was buried like this, and even Minister Ling, who had been waiting outside for half a day, didn't know what happened inside Zhong Bei Hai.

However, there are always people with extraordinary abilities who can find out something from various sources.

Lingjiang,

Chen Mansion.

Chen Tianlong sat on the sofa with a respectful standing peak-level expert in front of him.

"How is it? Do you know where Ling Yunzhi took that young man?" Chen Tianlong asked lazily while leaning on the living room sofa.

The peak-level expert nodded: "Report to Mr. Chen, Young Master Wang was taken by Ling Yunzhi to the capital and then entered Zhong Bei Hai."

"Oh? Zhong Bei Hai?"

Chen Tianlong immediately became alert and asked, "Why did he go to Zhong Bei Hai? Who summoned him there?"

The peak-level expert said, "It was Gu Lao and Wu Lao. It seems that because he has been causing too much trouble recently, affecting social order. However, the real reason behind it seems to be that Young Master Wang had a deal with the modified humans. Gu Lao scolded him, but he retorted back without any words to say, so Gu Lao kept him in Zhong Bei Hai out of anger."

"This kid doesn't even put Gu Lao in his eyes; he really doesn't know how high the sky is or how thick the ground is."

Chen Tianlong scolded him verbally but had a hint of a smile on his face.

</>


Chapter 379:
Back in the day, if it weren't for Ancient One, he wouldn't have come down from above.

You see, Chen Tianlong was already a candidate for the Temple at that time. As long as he could endure another year, he would have been able to enter the Temple based on his merits. However, because of a minor issue, Ancient One caught him and wouldn't let go, which led to his withdrawal.

"It's time to settle the matter from last time." Chen Tianlong sneered, speaking to himself.








As evening approached, Ancient One's heart finally returned to its normal state completely.

When the old man woke up, his first words were to have Wang Yongsan detained.

Wu Lao, who had been by his side the whole time, advised, "Old Gu, your heart has just stabilized. Can you stop thinking about those infuriating matters?"

Gasping for breath, Ancient One replied, "It's precisely because of him that I fell ill. If I don't make him submit, my heart condition will never improve."

Wu Lao sighed and said, "What Xiao Wang said isn't wrong. We did make some mistakes in this matter. Didn't you also have similar thoughts before? We can't reject valid criticism just because someone is young."

Ancient One retorted indignantly, "I'm not upset because he's young. I can't stand his arrogance, his disregard for others, his pridefulness—he doesn't even put us in his eyes. I spit on him!"

"Okay, okay, I spit too. Calm down a bit; you might have another attack if you don't." Wu Lao shook his head and said.

Having such a peculiar, grumpy friend must have been tough on him.

On the other side, because of Ancient One's words, Wang Yongsan was transferred from his two-story villa to a prison cell in the capital.

Fortunately, since he was sent from Zhong Beihai, they prepared a suite cell for him with full amenities like water, electricity, and heating, but his freedom was restricted.

At the same time.

Chen Ran searched for Wang Yongsan for an entire afternoon but couldn't find him. Furious, she called Chen Tianlong.

"Hello, my dear daughter, do you miss Daddy?" Chen Tianlong spoke in a soft voice.

Chen Ran, however, was not amused. "Hmph, old man, where's my boyfriend? Did you hide him from me? Hand him over right now!"

"Oh my dear daughter, how could Daddy dare to hide your man?"

"If it wasn't you, then who was it?"

"This..."

Chen Ran urged impatiently, "Old fart, if you dare to hide anything more from me, I'll go home and shave off all your beard right now!"

"No no no, let Daddy explain."

Chen Tianlong sighed bitterly, "My dear daughter, it's not that Daddy doesn't want to tell you; it's just that the person who took him away is too impressive. Daddy was worried that you might act impulsively and get into big trouble."

Chen Ran, who was fearless by nature, became even more determined to find out what happened upon hearing this.

"Okay Daddy, what's going on? I'm so curious now that I won't cause any trouble, so just tell me, okay?"

Chen Tianlong was never able to resist his daughter's coquetry. Upon hearing her words, he lost half his spirit instantly.

"My dear daughter, it was someone from the Temple who took him away." As soon as he said this, Chen Tianlong realized that he was in trouble.

His dear daughter was truly lawless. There was a chance she would really go to the Temple looking for her 'boyfriend,' which would be a huge event.


Chapter 380:
Chen Tianlong cried with a sad face and begged, "My dear daughter, don't worry about this matter. Your father has already started working on it. I will bring Xiaowang back to you sooner or later. Don't do anything rash, okay?"

"Don't worry, Daddy. I'm already so big and have been sensible for a long time. By the way, why did they catch him in the temple?"

Chen Ran's words made Chen Tianlong very relieved.

So, although Chen Tianlong felt that the more he talked, the more dangerous it would be, he couldn't resist Chen Ran's persistence and finally told her everything he knew.

Chen Ran spoke softly, looking like a good girl.

However, after hanging up the phone, she immediately changed her demeanor.

"Hehe, once this big miss saves you, let's see if you still dare to refuse to teach me how to play with fire."

"But, how should I save him?"

Young Lady Chen crossed her arms over her chest and tapped her chin, knowing what to do.

As time passed by one minute and one second,

Suddenly, on various news websites, many news articles about Wang Yongsan being caught appeared.

In the past few days, Wang Yongsan had been occupying the headlines.

As soon as the news of his arrest appeared, it immediately climbed to a prominent position on the list.

"Hey? Wang Yongsan was caught?"

"It turns out that he was being monitored by the temple. Wang is really impressive."

"He's been jumping around so much; it's no wonder he was caught."

"What's wrong with you upstairs? Do you have the ability to jump too? You people are not only useless but also can't stand it when others do good deeds, right?"

"Agree with the upstairs. Those who say Wang is jumping, be careful when you go out or your whole family will die."

After the incident of beating people a few days ago, Wang Yongsan had already gained numerous fans.

If he were to open a superblog now, the number of followers would definitely reach millions instantly, even reaching tens of millions or more.

Although there were occasional unfriendly comments in the thread, they would immediately be drowned out by supporters.

However…

Suddenly, the thread that had been pushed to the top of the list was deleted.

"What's going on?"

"Where is the thread?"

"Sure enough, there's a problem. They actually want to silence us by deleting posts."

Not only were the threads at the top of the list locked, but other threads about Wang Yongsan were also being deleted in batches.

"Hehe, let's see who deletes faster, you or my people who upload."

Chen Ran played with her phone and chuckled.

She wanted to use Wang Yongsan's popularity now to save him with public opinion.

The internet was simply too vast, and even if mainstream news websites set Wang Yongsan as a banned word, it still couldn't stop the spread of news about his arrest.

Finally, driven to desperation, some websites began to close one after another.

"Hey? Superblog's server is being updated, and the specific restoration time is uncertain."

"The Qiudu website's search system is being upgraded, and it can no longer continue searching."

"Weird, Tencent News and Waner News are being rectified due to content issues and cannot be logged in anymore."

"Yesterday's headlines are the same."

"How did all these websites suddenly become inaccessible?"

The major websites occupied almost all internet users.

At this moment, when they were simultaneously closed down, the impact was so great that it could be said to be unprecedented.


Chapter 381:
At this time, someone who was discussing the arrest of Wang Yongsan just now stood up and posted a dynamic in their circle of friends.

"It must be because of Wang Yongsan that someone doesn't want us to know the truth about what happened."

"Wang Yongsan is a hero. He took action with his own body to solve social moral issues for us. The country not only didn't praise him, but also arrested him. It really hurts our hearts too much."

"We can't let the hero be framed. Everyone should spread the word to make sure everyone knows about the ugly faces of those above."

No one expected that closing the website not only didn't reduce the impact of Wang Yongsan's arrest, but instead accelerated the spread of this incident.

For a while, everyone was talking about Wang Yongsan's arrest.

Luo Yusha and Lin Shishu were attending their evening class when they heard the discussions around them. Only then did they know what had happened.

"Sister Shasha, Yongsan was arrested. Did you know?" Lin Shishu called Luo Yusha.

"I just heard about it too. What exactly happened?" Luo Yusha asked anxiously.

"I don't know either. A classmate said they saw it in their circle of friends, but when I refreshed just now, the circle of friends has been temporarily disabled."

Lin Shishu suddenly began to dislike her own efforts.

If she had played on her phone during the evening class, even just looked at her circle of friends, she wouldn't be completely in the dark now.








After the major websites were shut down, the circle of friends was also disabled.

Then not long after, QQ groups were also forced to pause service.

For a while, all the public platforms on the internet were completely shut down.

It's said that curiosity killed the cat, but in fact, human curiosity is the most serious among all living things.

The arrest of Wang Yongsan, due to the severe asymmetry of information, gave people a feeling of being fooled by those in power. The more this happens, the more people want to know the truth.

At the same time, because of the higher-ups' information blockade, people were forced to form their own groups and stand on the opposite side of those in power, which is Wang Yongsan's side.

If the public platforms couldn't be used, then private chat software would do.

You can't block QQ and WeChat too, right?

You can't block phone calls and text messages too, right?

You can't even control what people say, right?

In short, the more powerful the upper level tries to block information, the more intense the resistance from below becomes.

It's like a spring; the harder you press it, the higher it will bounce back.

Capital Prison.

Wang Yongsan was watching TV in his "VIP cell" when there was a sudden rush of footsteps outside.

Then, the cell door was rudely opened.

"Leader Xu?" Wang Yongsan stood up from his chair.

The person who came was the magician Xu Zhuo, fifty years old, and he walked with a strong wind.

He quickly walked to Wang Yongsan's side and said with a frown, "Little Wang, what are you doing? Now that things have gotten so chaotic, it's not good for you at all, do you know?"

Wang Yongsan was stunned: "Leader Xu, what are you talking about? I don't understand."

Xu Zhuo seriously asked, "Is it not you who started what's happening outside?"

</div>


Chapter 382:
Wang Yongsan spread his hands and sighed, "I've been locked up here all this time; I have no idea what's happening outside, so how could it be me who started all this?"

Xu Zhuo furrowed his brow and thought for a moment.

Although the matter was supposed to be kept confidential, there were too many people who knew about it—including the guards at Zhong Beihai, there must have been over a hundred people involved. It was likely that one of them leaked the news.

On the other hand, Wang Yongsan had no communication tools at all; it was less likely that he would have leaked the information.

However, since the incident happened because of him, even if it wasn't him who contacted those people, if anything went wrong, he would be the one to suffer.

"Alright, you can take a look yourself first," Xu Zhuo said as he handed his phone to Wang Yongsan.

Although all the major websites had been shut down, Xu Zhuo's phone could still freely browse all the content before it was shut down.

After Wang Yongsan read two of the articles, he knew what had happened.

"I see why now."

A smirk appeared on Wang Yongsan's lips.

Xu Zhuo hurriedly asked, "Why do you say that? Do you know someone outside is using your name to stir up trouble?"

"I mean, it's no wonder you were in such a hurry to find me and asked some strange questions."

Wang Yongsan shook his head as he spoke, but in his heart, he was thinking about something else.

Half an hour ago, a ding suddenly sounded in Wang Yongsan's mind.

At first, Wang Yongsan thought he had triggered a task, but upon listening further, he realized it was different from the usual tasks.

This time, Wang Yongsan had triggered a hidden task because he unintentionally completed it, which was why he received the reward of points.

The task required Wang Yongsan's positive reputation to exceed ten thousand; he would then receive one point of "Death by Doing Stupid Things" every day.

If his positive reputation exceeded one hundred thousand, he would receive two points of "Death by Doing Stupid Things" every day.

If his positive reputation exceeded one million, he would receive four points of "Death by Doing Stupid Things" every day.

In general, for every tenfold increase in positive reputation, Wang Yongsan would receive double the points of "Death by Doing Stupid Things" every day.

Half an hour ago, Wang Yongsan had just broken through the one-thousand reputation mark, so the hidden task was activated. At that time, Wang Yongsan had no idea why he suddenly had such high reputation.

After seeing Xu Zhuo's phone, however, he realized it was because he had inadvertently become a social hero.

"Little Wang, quickly use my phone to call the people you know and ask them to release a statement debunking the rumors. Tell them that everything circulating online is false," Xu Zhuo said with a serious expression.

"Why?" Wang Yongsan asked.

"What else could it be for? Do you think these public opinions can influence the decisions of Gu Lai and the others? In fact, it's quite the opposite. Sometimes, in order to maintain their authority, even if they didn't originally intend to do anything to you, in order not to compromise under public pressure, they would have to punish you."

Xu Zhuo himself was a person within the system, although he only managed sorcerers, he understood how things worked inside.

Wang Yongsan believed Xu Zhuo was not lying to him.

However, his reputation was growing rapidly; it seemed that in just half an hour, he had almost reached one hundred thousand reputation. At this rate of growth, by midnight, he would probably reach one million reputation.

If his reputation reached one million, he would receive four points of "Death by Doing Stupid Things" every day.


Chapter 383:
Even if doing nothing, a small level can be advanced in twenty days.

Wang Yongsan is now most lacking in strength, even if some risks are to be taken, it is worth it.

After all, it's a dead system, if you don't act recklessly, how can there be rewards?

"I'm sorry, Xu leader, I don't like to lie, and I won't let the people around me lie either. This matter was not done by me, but I have no obligation to organize them, so let's just leave it at that."

"If things go on like this, the one who gets hurt will be you," Xu Zhu advised with good intentions.

However, Wang Yongsan had made up his mind.

"No matter what happens, everyone is doing this for me to make a big deal out of it. If someone really has to take responsibility, it should naturally be me."

Xu Zhu didn't know about the act recklessly task, and when he heard Wang Yongsan say such words, he immediately felt that he was a responsible person.

In his heart, he felt both regret and helplessness, and finally could only sigh and leave quietly.

Wang Yongsan's reputation grew too fast.

At midnight, his reputation had already reached a million.

And then, probably because it was bedtime, this growth rate began to slow down.

However,

A million reputation points were obviously not the end.

Early the next morning, as soon as Wang Yongsan opened his eyes, he saw his reputation soaring at a rate of over ten thousand points every few seconds.

"What the hell is going on again? Did the website recover?"

Wang Yongsan guessed half right.

There was indeed a big event, but it wasn't the website recovering, it was an offline event.

This time, it was Luo Yusha and Lin Shishu who took the lead, contacting their classmates respectively, then letting their classmates contact familiar classmates, and together organizing a strike event.

At the moment Wang Yongsan woke up,

Students from more than 300 middle schools and universities across China collectively went on strike, demanding the restoration of the internet, the restoration of public awareness, and the restoration of Wang Yongsan's freedom.

In the records of later generations, this day was called the "Three Restoration Strike Event."








By evening statistics, students from nearly 80% of schools across the country had participated in this event.

And Wang Yongsan's reputation also reached eight million, just two million short of being able to receive eight points of reckless behavior every day for free.

"Hurry up, why is it slowing down again? How can you not try harder? The more intense the better."

Wang Yongsan squatted in his cell, unable to see the outside news, but he could judge the intensity of events outside based on the speed at which his reputation grew.

As it was getting close to evening again, and everyone should have gone home for dinner, Wang Yongsan's reputation once again fell into a slow growth state.

"Clank."

The cell door was opened.

Wang Yongsan had been concentrating all his energy on reputation, and only when the person came in did he come to his senses.

"What? Starting to get scared now?"

Xu Zhu saw his slow reaction and thought that he was so worried about this matter that his nerves were too tense.

Wang Yongsan shook his head and said calmly, "It's okay."

What he said was true, but Xu Zhu thought he was pretending to be strong.


Chapter 384:
He had always felt a certain affinity for Wang Yongsan since they were both spellcasters. Seeing him trying to maintain his composure despite his 'downcast' state, he couldn't help but feel a bit sorry for him.

"Alright, don't dwell on this matter too much for now. After today's commotion, Lao Gu and the others must be feeling quite uneasy too. I never expected that among your friends, there would actually be someone capable enough to incite a nationwide strike involving eighty percent of high school and college students. That's truly impressive."

"Strike?"

Wang Yongsan was taken aback.

He thought to himself, "No wonder there were so many reputation points today; it turns out that so many students went on strike."

However, did students really need to be incited to go on strike?

If given the chance not to attend classes, probably over ninety percent of students would jump at the opportunity. Saying eighty percent was actually underestimating them.

"Mr. Xu, you didn't come here just to tell me about this, did you?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Xu Zhuo chuckled and replied, "Of course not."

"Then may I ask what brings you here?"

Wang Yongsan could tell that Xu Zhuo was concerned about him, even using honorifics when speaking to him.

Xu Zhuo gestured for him to sit down before taking a seat across from him. Only then did he solemnly say, "To be honest, I've come to discuss the issue of spellcasting with you."

"This..."

Wang Yongsan hesitated and said, "Mr. Xu, you should already know that my spells come from celestial treasures; I can cast them just by thinking about it. There's really nothing to discuss regarding this aspect."

"Not quite, not quite," Xu Zhuo shook his head repeatedly.

Wang Yongsan humbly asked, "May I know what Mr. Xu thinks differently?"

Xu Zhuo looked at Wang Yongsan and asked seriously, "Young Wang, have you heard of Taoist priests?"

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "They're the ones who deal with ghosts, right?"

Xu Zhuo laughed and said, "Not quite, not quite. Ghosts are merely an existence conjured up by ordinary people. In reality, they do exist but are vastly different from what legends portray them as."

Wang Yongsan became interested and widened his eyes to ask, "Mr. Xu, do you know about Taoist priests? Can you tell me more about them?"

Xu Zhuo, who had intended to share this information anyway, readily agreed.

After giving it some thought, he finally organized his thoughts and began to speak: "Actually, in ancient China, there were no spellcasters; only Taoist priests existed. Among them, there were three types: Wandering Daoists, Spiritual Daoists, and Five Elements Daoists."

"Wandering Daoists traveled the world with no fixed abode, seeking mountains and rivers to broaden their horizons. They specialized in spell formations and were like gods within the formations they set up."

"Spiritual Daoists, which you referred to as ghost-catching Taoist priests, actually dealt with spirits rather than ghosts. They would endow spiritual essences found in nature with a soul, turning them into spirit soldiers under their command."

"Spellcasters are closest to the Five Elements Daoists, who perceive the world through their spiritual sense and manipulate the five elements to serve them."

"Ah..."

Upon reaching this point, Xu Zhuo sighed deeply and shook his head, saying, "Unfortunately, when Emperor Qin ascended the throne, in order to prevent others from usurping his rule, he not only destroyed nearly all martial arts literature but also eradicated the once-illustrious Taoist sects."

"Taoist priests were mercilessly wiped out, and their traditions were burned to ashes."

Xu Zhuo shook his head repeatedly, and it was evident that he deeply regretted the loss of these traditions.


Chapter 385:
Wang Yongsan did not speak,  waiting quietly for him to recover from his grief.

Then he continued: “Yesterday,  after leaving you,  I searched everywhere for information about the use of Xuan arts before the Qin Dynasty.  Finally,  I received an interesting answer from a senior. ”

Wang Yongsan understood at this point.

“Was it true that before the Qin Dynasty,  the use of Xuan arts by Wuxing Dao did not require gestures or other aids? ”

Xu Zhuo nodded: “That's right,  and those Wuxing Dao practitioners were not born with exceptional talents or consumed rare treasures.  They all possessed this ability naturally.  So I believe that although you have consumed a rare treasure,  it has only given you the foundation to release Xuan arts.  The ability to instantly cast them can be cultivated later on. ”

At this point,  Xu Zhuo's eyes gleamed with excitement: “Young Wang,  our Guishu (Masters of Mysterious Arts) have been silent for too long,  constantly looked down upon by foreign Guishu.  If you can help us uncover the secret of instantly casting Xuan arts,  you will be a great benefactor to our country's Guishu. ”

“No,  no,  you would be the founding ancestor of our Guishu. ”

“With such an illustrious reputation,  you can't remain indifferent to it? ”

Founding ancestor?

Wang Yongsan was indeed not interested.

However,  Xu Zhuo was a good person and had shown concern for him multiple times before.  If he could help him within his capabilities,  Wang Yongsan would not be too stingy.

“I can do it,  but I don't understand the mysteries of Xuan arts myself.  I don't know how to help you? ”

Hearing Wang Yongsan say this,  Xu Zhuo's face lit up with joy.

He laughed heartily and praised without restraint: “I knew it,  Young Wang,  you understand the importance of the situation.  This idea just came to me,  but as long as you are willing to help,  we will eventually find a way. ”

Wang Yongsan felt slightly dizzy.

He thought the other party knew more,  but it seemed that both of them were clueless in theory.

The two talked late into the night,  feeling like they had met a kindred spirit.

Wang Yongsan explained to Xu Zhuo how he felt when releasing his fire control superpower.  Xu Zhuo,  in turn,  taught Wang Yongsan the cultivation method of his water control Xuan art and how to cultivate the fire control Xuan art.

Wang Yongsan had an eidetic memory,  able to remember anything after hearing it once.

He learned from Xu Zhuo that the mental power mentioned by Guishu was the same as the mental power mentioned by the system,  both related to intelligence.

Like Xu Zhuo's intelligence,  which was 33 points.

And Hua Shengnan,  in her cat form,  could reach 40 points of intelligence and 25 points in human form.

As long as she trained a bit more to reach 30 points,  she could cultivate the water control Xuan art.

The two talked through the night,  while outside the prison cell,  other people who cared about Wang Yongsan began to take action.








Gu Li and others did not expect that the internet blockade would be useless and instead exacerbate the conflict between the people and the officials.

So,  the next day after the three-way strike at school,  all internet services were restored.

Moreover,  to divert the students' attention from the strike,  websites across the board offered various forms of compensation for the internet outage.

It could be memberships or various red envelopes and rewards.

Especially websites like Tencent and NetEase that ran games,  which launched several reward events directly within their games.

```

[Note: The last part of the text seems to be a continuation or an excerpt from another chapter,  so it has been translated as it is.]


Chapter 386:
For a while, the students who had stopped attending classes all poured their energy into these games or activities where they could take advantage, and the number of people supporting Wang Yongsan plummeted.

At this time, the Moral Alliance stepped forward.

"If the law cannot protect us, then please remember that behind our backs there is one last path we can take - crime."

A sentence like this, which originated from an unknown source, immediately garnered countless responses.

Just as the internet was restored, one post after another flooded onto all major websites.

"If the law cannot protect us, let us protect ourselves."

"If everyone faced scams, thieves, and other illegal acts with the courage to stand up, how clean would our lives be now?"

"I am timid; I have never dared to fight or curse, but if I don't even dare to speak up for Master Wang, then I am not timid but unworthy of being human."

"One Master Wang has fallen, but there will be thousands upon thousands of Master Wangs standing up."

"Today I beat up another scammer, you can catch me if you dare to catch."

One post after another.

One reply after another.

Aside from the calls for Wang Yongsan's release, gradually began to mix in many violent content.

Indeed, everyone in their lifetime will encounter unfair treatment more or less.

Especially the lower class people, who have been oppressed for too long and have begun to hate life's injustice.

So they yearn for breaking the constraints and then solving problems with their own perceived correct methods, rather than pinning their hopes on others or certain rules.

Of course, more people among them were led by the rhythm.

Star Flag Bank, Luoshan Branch.

The branch manager and Paul, who had lost an arm and fallen to the third level of Broken Vein, were sitting face to face.

Among them, the branch manager said with a smug look on his face, "These Chinese people are really too stupid. Just lead them and they will rush to show themselves one by one. Watching the white-eyed wolves curse is really too much fun."

Paul's realm had fallen, and he had been in a bad mood recently. He said impatiently:

"Mr. Curry, I don't feel there is anything fun about it. Please remember that I lost an arm for your matter, and this great hatred has not been avenged yet."

"Oh oh, I'm really sorry, Mr. Paul. Actually, this game is called using a knife to kill someone, and it was designed for you to take revenge."

"Using a knife to kill someone?"

Paul frowned and asked, "What does it mean to use a knife to kill someone?"

Curry, the branch manager, smiled and said, "To use a knife to kill someone means that we don't do it ourselves, but we can use other people's hands to kill the person we want to kill."

"I don't understand."

Paul sneered and said, "In my opinion, you are saving him."

"No no no no."

Curry, the branch manager, shook his head repeatedly and said, "The reason you think so is because you don't understand the officials of this country. You should know that the officials of this country are very authoritative, and they will not give up their original plans because of the turmoil below. On the contrary, if we push them into a hurry..."


Chapter 387:
Speaking of this, Curry stretched out a finger and made a gun-shooting gesture.

Paul understood: "If those officials are pushed to the brink, they will simply kill him to maintain their authority?"

"That's right."

Curry laughed heartily.

These days, the reason why things have become so big is closely related to his Star Flag Bank.

Even because of Curry's instigation, foreign countries have begun to report extensively about the Wang Yongsan incident, adding a lot of overseas public opinion pressure to the Chinese authorities.

It was precisely because they were involved that after so long, this incident not only showed no signs of stopping, but instead became more and more intense.

At this time, there was a commotion in the Zhongnanhai Sea.

Gulou originally just wanted to intimidate Wang Yongsan, detain him for a few days, make him restrain himself, and at the same time use this to warn Dao De Gang.

Unexpectedly, just by arresting an ordinary civilian, he accidentally aroused the condemnation of the entire society.

"Old Gu, you have made a big mistake this time." Wu Lao sighed.

Gulou was dissatisfied and shouted: "I don't believe it! A group of short-sighted masses, just echoing and clamoring. If we give in to their wishes this time, once something happens again in the future, they will definitely make a scene like this."

"But what can we do? So many people are making trouble together, and the law cannot punish everyone."

Wu Lao is in charge of the public security system, and in the past few days his subordinates have obviously been insufficient.

Sometimes when the police arrive at the scene, they can't control things because there are too many people, and they can only accompany a smile and say good words.

In the past two days, he has heard many complaints from his subordinates.

"Moreover, there are many foreign forces involved this time, and many foreign news media have complained about this incident. The big leader is visiting abroad just now, and he specially called me yesterday to inquire about this matter. Old Gu, this matter really can't be delayed any longer."

"I know, I know."

Gulou also had a headache, but he insisted that this matter should not be compromised.

If there is a first time, and a trend is formed, the harm will be great.

But where to find a step down?

Headache!!!

At the same time,

Wang Yongsan and Xu Zhu have been exchanging with each other these days, and both have gained a lot.

Xu Zhu has made some improvements to the release of Xuan Shu through Wang Yongsan's narration, and the release speed has increased by about a quarter.

As for Wang Yongsan, it's amazing.

With the ability to remember, Wang Yongsan has completely mastered the method of Xuan Shu cultivation and release.

The only thing is that his spiritual power is insufficient now, so he can't determine for the time being whether he can really use the water control Xuan Shu.

Dong Dong Dong,
Bang Bang Bang,

The cell door was knocked.

"Come in."

Wang Yongsan thought it was time for dinner, and someone came to deliver the meal, so he called out casually.

When the person who came approached, he found something was wrong.

"Hey, Old Zhu, why are you here?"

The person who came was not someone else, but Old Zhu Chang'an.

Xu Zhu was thinking about the problem of Xuan Shu release, and when he heard the word Old Zhu, he turned around to look, and was stunned.

"Old Zhu, didn't you go home to enjoy your blessings? Why did you come here?"


Chapter 388:
Jiǔlóng was a powerful cultivator in his youth, known for his extraordinary abilities and fearsome reputation. However, after a tragic incident that led to the death of his beloved wife, he became disillusioned with the martial arts world and sought solitude in the mountains. There, he devoted himself to the cultivation of his inner energy, hoping to achieve immortality and reunite with his wife in the afterlife.

As Jiǔlóng's cultivation progressed, he discovered that his inner energy had transformed into a powerful spiritual entity known as the Nascent Soul. This soul was capable of leaving his body and traveling through the spiritual realm, granting him incredible insights into the mysteries of life and death.

One day, while exploring the spiritual realm, Jiǔlóng encountered a beautiful and ethereal woman named Ling'er. She was the embodiment of the spirit of a mystical flower, and her presence filled Jiǔlóng with an overwhelming sense of love and longing.

Despite the vast differences between them, Jiǔlóng and Ling'er fell deeply in love. However, their happiness was short-lived, as Jiǔlóng soon learned that Ling'er's existence was tied to the mystical flower, and if he were to remain with her, he would be forced to abandon his quest for immortality.

In a heart-wrenching decision, Jiǔlóng chose to leave Ling'er behind and continue his pursuit of immortality. As he ascended the mountains, seeking solitude and enlightenment, Ling'er watched him from afar, her heart heavy with sorrow.

Years passed, and Jiǔlóng's cultivation reached new heights. He achieved the pinnacle of martial arts, becoming a legendary figure known as the "Nine Dragon Emperor." However, despite his immense power and fame, he could never shake the feeling of emptiness that lingered in his heart.

One day, while meditating atop a snow-capped mountain, Jiǔlóng received a vision of Ling'er. She appeared to him as an ethereal spirit, her beauty undiminished by the passage of time. In her hands, she held a mystical flower that radiated an otherworldly glow.

"Jiǔlóng," Ling'er called out to him in a voice as soft as the wind. "I have waited for you for countless years, and now I am ready to join you on your journey. Take this flower, and let it guide you to me."

With a trembling hand, Jiǔlóng reached out and plucked the mystical flower from Ling'er's grasp. As he did so, a surge of energy coursed through his body, and he felt his Nascent Soul begin to merge with the flower's spirit.

In that moment, Jiǔlóng understood the true meaning of immortality. It was not about transcending death or achieving eternal life, but rather about finding love and companionship in the face of adversity. With a renewed sense of purpose, he set out on a new journey, determined to find Ling'er and finally be reunited with her in the spiritual realm.

As Jiǔlóng traveled through the vast and mysterious world of cultivators, he encountered countless challenges and obstacles. However, with the mystical flower guiding him and Ling'er's love inspiring him, he persevered through every trial, growing stronger and more powerful with each passing day.

Finally, after years of searching, Jiǔlóng arrived at the mystical realm where Ling'er awaited him. As he stepped through the shimmering portal, he was greeted by her radiant smile and the gentle embrace of her ethereal form.

Together, Jiǔlóng and Ling'er embarked on a new journey through the spiritual realm, exploring its mysteries and discovering the true meaning of love and immortality. And though their path was fraught with danger and uncertainty, they faced it together, united by the unbreakable bond of their eternal love.

In the end, Jiǔlóng realized that true immortality was not found in the pursuit of power or the attainment of eternal life, but rather in the love and companionship that he shared with Ling'er. And so, they lived on together in the spiritual realm, their love forever immortalized as a testament to the enduring power of the human spirit.


Chapter 389:
Zhu Changan laughed, saying slowly: “As you said to Gu Za there,  modified humans are still humans. We who exist in the halls of power already feel embarrassed that we cannot protect them, so to actually harm or even persecute them would be truly excessive.”

Xu Zhuo added beside him: “The conflict between Zhu Laoshi and Gu Za back then was also due to their differing views on modified humans.”

Wang Yongsan nodded.

Zhu Changan truly cared for the people, while Gu Za, at least in terms of modified humans, was far inferior to Zhu Changan.

Moreover,  their temperaments were also worlds apart.

Zhu Changan continued: “I once applied to the top leadership for modified humans to be legalized, but due to various reasons, it was never realized. Today, I believe the time has come for this.”

“Zhu Laoshi's meaning is, to have me assist you in pushing for modified human legalization?”

Wang Yongsan was both surprised and delighted.

Surprised, because modified human legalization is an immense event that can create history.

And delighted, because he could participate in it. Not to mention the reputation this would bring him—it would be enough for him to feel joy even in his sleep.

Zhu Changan nodded, then shook his head: “It's to legalize leg-type modified humans. But it's not for you to assist us, but rather for you to take the lead and persuade us to assist you. Only then can we maximize the impact of this event.”

My heavens!

Wang Yongsan was so happy he felt dizzy.

Taking the lead meant that most of the credit for this would go to him.

Consider that legalizing modified humans could have an impact comparable to the American liberation of black slaves—this is a feat that could be passed down through the ages.

Once modified human legalization succeeds, the reputation it brings Wang Yongsan could potentially elevate him to a level beyond imagination.

He had thought reaching a reputation of over one billion would be a distant matter, possibly lingering around the ten million level for his entire life.

Now it seems, reaching that goal is not entirely impossible.

“Congratulations young friend, you've truly turned a disaster into a blessing!” Xu Zhuo was the first to offer congratulations with a bow.

Such matters, even someone who had only taken a political class in middle school, could understand the benefits involved.

Wang Yongsan's mouth couldn't close, but he still asked: “Zhu Laoshi, are you sure all this is true? Or could it be that you thought of it yourself and the leadership hasn't approved yet?”

Zhu Changan smiled lightly: “I'm already this old, how could I be so impulsive?”

With these words, it was as good as confirmed.

Wang Yongsan almost jumped for joy.

The subsequent conversation went smoothly, mostly discussing details.

Later on,

A major authoritative media outlet suddenly issued a statement, with one piece of information after another being forcefully placed at the top of major websites.

“The Truth Behind Wang Yongsan's Arrest”

“Do You Know About Modified Humans? He or She Might Be Someone You Once Knew”

“The Youngest Recipient of the Republic Medal of Honor—Wang Yongsan”


Chapter 390:
The mandatory headline news ensured that everyone, regardless of the website they opened, would see the most prominent and first piece of information about Wang Yongsan.

Upon seeing these details, everyone was left speechless with astonishment.

"Cyborgs - isn't this something only found in science fiction movies?"

"I told you there would be such monsters, but you didn't believe me."

"It must have been the country that suppressed the news earlier, otherwise it's impossible for so many people to know nothing about it."

"Woohoo, my boyfriend suddenly turned into a cyborg. At that time, I thought I had encountered a monster and stabbed him with scissors. The look in his eyes when he left, I still remember it to this day."

Compared to Wang Yongsan's moral reversal of society, cyborgs undoubtedly attracted more attention.

Moreover, people learned for the first time that Wang Yongsan was a recipient of the highest national honor, the Republic Medal.

Since it was someone supported by the state, how could he be arrested just for beating a person?

It was possible that the previous assault incident was also implicitly approved by the state.








Wow~

Pushing for cyborg legalization.

What an incredible feat this is!

No wonder there was no news for so many days, and despite all the chaos and insults in the group, the state never quelled the rumors. It was because this matter had to be kept absolutely secret before it was confirmed for implementation.

In an instant, the direction of public opinion completely changed.

Everyone's attention shifted to Wang Yongsan's initiation of the 'cyborg legalization' event.

Even those who had been cursing society the most forgot why they were cursing in the first place.

Star Flag Lu Shan Branch,

The branch president, Kuli, was so angry that he pounded his chest in frustration.

He mobilized so many resources, used so many connections, and made the entire incident known both domestically and internationally. He never expected that in the end, he would be making clothes for someone else.

"Damn it, these Chinese leaders, why don't they care about their reputation anymore?"

"Aren't they supposed to be furious, deliberately opposing the people to display their authority?"

Kuli couldn't understand.

He had been in China for twenty years since he was eighteen, and he considered himself to be quite knowledgeable about China.

However, the way the Chinese leaders handled this matter was completely against common sense.

At this moment,

Paul, who had lost an arm, stormed in angrily, grabbed Kuli by the collar with his remaining hand, and lifted him up.

"Hey hey, Mr. Paul, please calm down, what are you doing?"

"What am I doing? You said to kill with a borrowed knife, but he not only didn't die, but also became a hero."

Paul's eyes emitted terrifying light.

Because of Wang Yongsan, his cultivation had fallen to a lower level, and it would be even more difficult for him to cultivate back up.

Kuli also felt distressed about this matter.

He quickly appeased him, saying, "Mr. Paul, don't worry, this was purely an accident. I have already made arrangements to deal with it, and rest assured, I am definitely on your side."

"I hope so."

Paul glared, "If I find out that you are a traitor, even if the board protects you, I will definitely kill you."

On the other side,

Wang Yongsan was preparing to board the plane.

```


Chapter 391:
Zhu Changan and Xu Zhuo were at the airport to see him off.

"Old Master Zhu, do you really have to go to the Western Wilderness? Wouldn't Longtai be just as good?"

Wang Yongsan wore a bitter expression on his face.

Zhu Changan's intention was for him to go to the Western Wilderness and become the director of the "Moral Reform Bureau" under the direct jurisdiction of the state.

The so-called Moral Reform Bureau was responsible for managing morality and reforming people. The Western Wilderness, designated as a special zone by the state, was experimenting with "moral management" and "legalization of reformed humans."

Only when the experiment in the Western Wilderness proved successful would it be implemented in other regions.

Zhu Changan shook his head and smiled wryly, "Didn't I tell you? The social environment in the Western Wilderness is complex, and the moral quality of its citizens ranks among the lowest in the country. Moreover, you discovered a gene laboratory there last time, so it's likely that the number of reformed humans is the highest in Lu Shan Province."

"The people in Longtai have good moral character, and there aren't many reformed humans. Compared to that, the Western Wilderness is obviously more suitable for you to carry out your work."

Wang Yongsan sighed.

Zhu Changan's words made sense, but he didn't want to go to the Western Wilderness.

After all, his parents' businesses were all in Longtai, and Luo Yusha was only a freshman and would be staying at Longtai University for another two years. If Wang Yongsan went to the Western Wilderness, he would be busy with work and it would be inconvenient for him to go home.

"Alright, alright, a man should prioritize his career. You're still young; there's no need to rush when it comes to relationships," Zhu Changan patted Wang Yongsan on the shoulder in comfort.

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Alright then, I'll be going now. Old Master Zhu, Leader Xu, let's meet again in the future."

The three waved goodbye to each other.

Wang Yongsan boarded a special plane and flew directly to Longtai. It would take eight hours for the official documents to be delivered, so tomorrow was when he would start his official duties.

Sitting on the plane, Wang Yongsan felt increasingly happy as he thought about his situation. His reputation exceeded ten million, and now he received eight free points every day for causing trouble. Moreover, although the Moral Reform Bureau was just a bureau, it was directly under the state's jurisdiction. Although its rank was lower than that of the city's top officials, no one in the Western Wilderness City or even Lu Shan Province could control Wang Yongsan. Even if he made a mistake, they could only report it to the state and wait for their decision.

"I wonder if I can walk around freely now," Wang Yongsan chuckled to himself.

Although the martial artist identity was impressive, it couldn't be exposed casually. However, the identity of the director of the Moral Reform Bureau was something he could show off with pride. A nobody suddenly became an official, and thinking about how everyone would look up to him wherever he went made Wang Yongsan want to laugh.

The plane landed, and Wang Yongsan hailed a taxi to Longtai University. Since he would be going to the Western Wilderness tomorrow, tonight he wanted to bring Luo Yusha home for dinner and spend the rest of his time with his family and Luo Yusha.

"Squeak!" A taxi stopped in front of Wang Yongsan. As he opened the door to get in, he heard the driver shout loudly, "Ahhhh! You're Wang Yongsan, the leader of the gang?"

The driver looked like a fan who had just seen their favorite celebrity.


Chapter 392:
```
Wang Yongsan was taken aback by his performance and deeply felt, "Hello hello, I am Wang Yongsan."

Upon receiving confirmation, the driver almost jumped with joy.

He extended both hands and shook Wang Yongsan's hand, saying, "Leader Wang, I am also a member of the Moral Alliance, verified with my real name. Look, this is my Moral Alliance armband."

After speaking, the driver twisted his left arm towards Wang Yongsan and indeed had a white armband with the word "Moral" written on it.

This is really too embarrassing.

He even made an armband out of it.

"Sir, I have something else to do. Can you take me to Longtai University first?" Wang Yongsan couldn't wait to leave his "fan."

"No problem, are you in a hurry? Don't worry, I am known as the Longtai Drift King. I guarantee to send you to your destination at the fastest speed." The driver was so excited that he couldn't speak coherently.

Wang Yongsan felt a little dizzy.

Last time during the escape mission, he encountered a racing driver, and this time he met another Drift King.

How many hidden dragons and crouching tigers are there among Longtai taxi drivers?

Buzz~

The taxi sped all the way, almost causing the engine to explode.

As they approached Longtai University, the driver stepped on the brakes with one foot, making a "squawk" sound and stopping the car.

He pointed to a chaotic place in front of him and said, "Leader, look, it's our brothers. It seems that there is a scumbag causing trouble. Would you like to take a look?"

Due to the chaos at the scene, it was impossible to know what happened, but it could be clearly seen that one of them had an armband with the word "Moral" on it.

Wang Yongsan frowned slightly.

His vision is much stronger than the driver's, so he sees more clearly.

The event ahead is still unclear, but Wang Yongsan has already seen that the person being beaten by the Moral Alliance members has blood on his head.

This has far exceeded the scope of Wang Yongsan's previous fights and can be considered a minor injury according to the law.








This time, the country established the "Moral Reform Bureau" not only to solve the problem of transformed people but also to standardize moral standards for the public.

Like the violent retaliation led by Wang Yongsan before, it will be prohibited after legislation in the future.

Originally, Wang Yongsan planned to think of rules first and then announce them publicly in a few days. Since he encountered something today, he might as well take advantage of someone recording and give everyone a warning first.

"Sir, I'll get off here. How much is it?" Wang Yongsan took out his money.

How could the driver accept his money? He refused, "Leader, you are humiliating me. If the brothers find out that I charged your fare, they will scold me to death!"

Wang Yongsan said solemnly, "Sir, it is only right to pay for a ride. If the Moral Alliance scolds you because of this, then there is no need for this gang to exist."

After saying that, Wang Yongsan directly pulled out a hundred-yuan bill and stuffed it into the driver's hand.

His words were a bit heavy, and the driver was stunned.

When he realized it, Wang Yongsan had already gotten off the car and walked into the crowd ahead.

"Let you pretend to be a victim, let you seek death."

"Damn it, open your dog's eyes and see clearly who I am."

"You dare to provoke the Moral Alliance? You don't want to mix anymore?"
```


Chapter 393:
In the midst of the scene, the member of the Virtue Alliance beat people while loudly cursing.

Many onlookers surrounded them, some frowning but no one dared to say anything or interfere.

Wang Yongsan pushed his way through the crowd, and upon seeing the scene, he was filled with confusion.

Aside from the person who was beating others that he had seen earlier, there was also a Honda sedan and a damaged electric tricycle lying on the ground.

"Spare my life, boss, I was wrong."

"You were wrong? It's because of people like you that society cannot be at peace. You dared to scam me, so you must pay the price."

"I didn't, I really didn't scam you."

"You still dare to be stubborn? Do you think because you're old, I won't hit you hard? Then let me show you what I'm capable of."

The Honda driver raised his foot and stomped down with great force.

His target was the old man's head. If this stomp landed, even if the old man didn't suffer a concussion, he would definitely be injured severely.

"Stop!"

Wang Yongsan couldn't bear to watch any longer and shouted as he kicked out.

Before the Honda driver could react, Wang Yongsan's kick sent him flying to the ground.

The crowd was captivated by this sudden turn of events and looked at Wang Yongsan. When they saw his appearance, they all gasped in unison.

"Ss~ It's Wang Yongsan!"

"He actually came back."

"Isn't it said that he was going to be appointed in the Western Wilderness? Something about being a 'Reform Bureau' director, right?"

"He is the Virtue Alliance leader himself, why isn't he helping his own people but instead helping someone who 'scammed' others?"

"You came later, you don't know what happened earlier. Actually, that old man didn't scam anyone; it was the Honda driver who hit him with his car."

Swish~

Someone revealed the truth, causing a commotion among the crowd.

Wang Yongsan walked forward and helped the old man up from the ground.

"Grandpa, what happened?"

The old man finally recognized Wang Yongsan's appearance and kept retreating in fear: "I didn't scam, I really didn't scam."

Wang Yongsan's frown deepened even more. The old man's behavior clearly showed that he knew Wang Yongsan too. He was scared after being beaten by the Honda driver, so when he saw Wang Yongsan, who was forcibly labeled as the 'leader', he was naturally terrified.

At this moment,

The Honda driver finally managed to get up from the ground and cursed: "F*ck, which grandson dared to touch someone from the Virtue Alliance?"

Wang Yongsan slapped him across the face.

A loud 'slap' echoed, and before the Honda driver could see who hit him, he was sent flying to the ground again.

Wang Yongsan didn't hold back with his slap, and now the Honda driver's face was swollen on one side. He covered his mouth, lying on the ground and looked at Wang Yongsan. At first, there was resentment in his eyes as if he wasn't convinced, but when he saw Wang Yongsan's appearance clearly, the Honda driver was so scared that he shivered.

"B-b-b-boss?"

The Honda driver's teeth chattered. Over the past few days, stories about Wang Yongsan had spread throughout the country. Those whom Wang Yongsan had approached didn't get injured, but the physical pain they endured could be seen clearly in the videos, making people shudder.

"I'm not your boss."


Chapter 394:
Wang Yongsan spoke with a cold tone: “If all the members of the Moral Society are like you, I will personally destroy it.”

The people around whispered to each other.

Acts of righteousness against one's own kind are always controversial, no matter when or where.

However, at this moment, the majority of people chose to support Wang Yongsan after learning the truth.

Seeing Wang Yongsan standing up for him, the beaten old man no longer feared him.

And when Wang Yongsan said he would destroy the Moral Society, the old man finally realized that the so-called Moral Society and Wang Yongsan were not on the same side.

He knelt down, crying: “Mr. Wang, you must help me uphold justice!”

Wang Yongsan couldn't accept his kneeling and stepped forward to help him up: “Sir, don't worry. Let's talk calmly. Also, I am not the leader of the Moral Society. Whether it should exist or not is still uncertain. You can call me Xiao Wang, or just Yongsan.”

The old man cried with snot and tears: “Xiao Wang, I didn't hit-and-run. He knocked into me and said I damaged his car, demanding 2000 yuan from me. When I said I had no money, he beat me and used the Moral Society to threaten me. Many people here must have seen it. Please ask them. You must believe me!”

The old man's appearance was pitiful.

Admittedly, the reputation of elderly people has been severely damaged by some individuals.

However, it is undeniable that there are still more honest elderly people in the world.

Wang Yongsan turned to the crowd and asked: “Everyone, does anyone have previous recordings or can come forward as a witness? As long as the facts are confirmed, I will personally reward him with 1000 yuan.”

For those who do good deeds, they must be rewarded well.

Otherwise, relying solely on everyone's self-consciousness, good deeds will not last long.

Especially now that doing good deeds comes with risks, many people who initially wanted to do something good would become hesitant due to various concerns.

At this time, a reward of 1000 yuan is necessary.

“I have the recording.”

A student-like girl stepped forward.

“I don't want money. I just want to reveal the truth.”

The girl said indignantly: “I didn't dare to stand up earlier because I was afraid of getting into trouble. But now that Wang has taken action, if I don't do anything, I'm afraid my conscience will suffer.”

After saying that, she played the video recorded on her phone.

Wang Yongsan finished watching with burning anger in his eyes.

He turned to look at the Honda man lying on the ground and gritted his teeth: “Respecting the elderly and cherishing the young is a virtue passed down for five thousand years in China. Not respecting the elderly is one thing, but bullying the elderly specifically is another.

Such scum dares to claim moral superiority, truly insulting the word ‘moral’.

Today, in front of everyone here, I, Wang Yongsan, the first leader of the ‘Moral Reform Bureau’, warn the world.

Those who insult morality—

Will be severely punished, with no exceptions.”








Wang Yongsan's words were firm, and after scanning the crowd, he continued:


Chapter 395:
"The Road Reform Bureau currently applies only to the Western Wilderness, but I believe it will soon spread nationwide. Today, I establish the first rule of morality here."

Everyone held their breath, waiting to witness this historic moment.

Wang Yongsan took several deep breaths and pondered carefully before speaking.

"The first rule of morality: Anyone who violates it will not be fined or imprisoned; they will receive a whipping."

Shockwaves rippled through the crowd.

It was actually a whipping!

Whip punishment is used in foreign countries; in Old Country Slope, those who spit on the street repeatedly could be whipped.

It's important to note that whips used for punishment are not ordinary leather whips.

Sometimes, one whip can cause such intense pain that it renders a person unconscious.

Therefore, those receiving seven whips often have to endure them in three or four separate sessions.

After one whip, they would either faint or need to recuperate for half a month.

The Japanese man on the ground trembled all over.

If Wang Yongsan's non-lethal beating was shocking, then the whipping was truly terrifying.

"No, no, I'm not from the Western Wilderness; I'm from Longtai. You are in Longtai now, so whipping is not applicable to me!"

"I know."

Wang Yongsan smirked: "Even if you were from the Western Wilderness, I wouldn't use whipping on you before this rule is officially released."

"However, just because I can't use whipping doesn't mean I will let you off."

Wang Yongsan clenched his fists, making a cracking sound.

What followed was an inhumane beating.

Wang Yongsan controlled his strength perfectly, causing pain without drawing blood or leaving bruises.

The Japanese man who had previously enjoyed bullying others now became the one being bullied.

The video of the incident was uploaded online, attracting a large audience.

- Wow! The leader of the Moral Alliance has finally taken action to clean up his ranks.

- Using morality as a banner for bullying and harassment; it was bound to happen sooner or later.

- I've always disliked these fake moralists.

Everyone responded negatively towards the Moral Alliance.

Some secretly removed their "Moral Armbands."

Others were indignant, still advocating for the Moral Alliance as a force of positive change.

It cannot be denied that many early members of the Moral Alliance genuinely wanted to improve society's moral standards.

However,

As Hua Shengnan said,

In this society, it's always the honest people who suffer. Criminals will exploit legal loopholes no matter what.

The Japanese man was the perfect example of this.

"Stop, stop! I know I'm wrong; I'll pay you money, okay?" The Japanese man writhed on the ground in pain.

Wang Yongsan ignored his pleas for mercy, continuing to kick him.

Money?

He wasn't short of it.

Reputation?

It wasn't something he cared about at the moment.

Every person has a sense of righteousness within them.

Sometimes we feel powerless and can only bury it deep inside. But now, Wang Yongsan had the ability to uphold justice, backed by the support of his country.


Chapter 396:
He was no longer afraid, and of course he had to flatten and crush all the injustice he saw before him.

Honda Nan's screams had changed their tune, and he was almost out of strength to even cry out in pain.

Wang Yongsan stopped and asked, "Will you dare to bully others again?"

"I won't, I promise."

Wang Yongsan asked again, "Will you dare to desecrate the word 'morality' again?"

"I won't, I swear I won't."

Wang Yongsan snorted coldly and said condescendingly, "From now on, if I hear that you dare to bully others again, I will make you taste ten times the pain of today."

Honda Nan was already terrified, and at the mention of ten times the pain, he shivered all over.

Some people just can't be reasoned with; you have to beat them up for everything to go away.

Before leaving, Wang Yongsan threw 500 yuan for medical expenses as per usual.

As for the old man who was knocked down, Wang Yongsan called the insurance company for him and made Honda Nan's insurance pay the compensation. After everything was settled, the money would be directly transferred to the old man by the insurance company.

The matter was successfully resolved.

Wang Yongsan had just returned when he caused such an incident.

Ruo Shu and Lin Shi Shi, who were on campus, also received the news as soon as possible.

Wang Yongsan originally wanted to give Ro Shu a surprise, so he didn't call her before returning. Unexpectedly, just when he reached the school gate, he received a call from Ro Shu.

"Hello, Shu Shu."

"Humph, you've already arrived in Longtai and didn't even call me first?"

"Hehe, I was just trying to give you a surprise."

"I think you were trying to meet other girls secretly and didn't want me to disturb you, right?"

Ruo Shu's words were filled with jealousy.

Wang Yongsan realized that he had made a mistake, and quickly apologized, "Shu Shu, I'm sorry, but I really wanted to give you a surprise. I've already reached the school gate."

"The school gate is fine, Shu Shu and I are currently at the rental house. You can just come over directly."

The two girls were supposed to be in class right now, but they had both skipped it and gone to the rental house.

Rather than waiting for Wang Yongsan, they were actually laying in ambush, ready to catch him cheating.

"Okay, I'll be right there."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan ran to the rental house.

Since it was a residential area near the school, Wang Yongsan reached his destination in less than three minutes.

Upstairs.

Open the door.

Ruo Shu and Lin Shi Shi stood behind the door, and when they saw Wang Yongsan, they rushed forward to sniff him all over.

"It seems like there's no smell," Lin Shi Shi said.

"It looks like he learned his lesson from last time and became smarter now."

Ruo Shu's vigilance was still very high.

They say that love is blind; one sees only what they want to see.

Although Wang Yongsan had been looked down upon by many girls in the past because of his cowardice, he was still a handsome and wealthy young man.

Now that he had gained courage and became so righteous, his reputation had grown significantly recently, and he even became a 'big shot.'

Ruo Shu was becoming increasingly reluctant to let him out of her sight.

"Shu Shu, Lin Xuejie (Snow Beauty), I've said it hundreds of times already; I really am not what you think." Wang Yongsan sighed.

Ruo Shu waved her hand, "Alright, no need to say more. Since we didn't catch you red-handed today, it's pointless no matter what you say."

Wang Yongsan was very troubled.


Chapter 397:
Early on, I should have been honest with Luo Yusha and told her that Lin Shixi and I were roommates. Now, no matter what I say, she doesn't believe me anymore. This topic isn't suitable to continue discussing.

Wang Yongsan changed the subject and asked, "Sasha, Lin classmate, have you heard about what happened just now?"

"You mean the man from Honda trying to extort money from an old man?" Luo Yusha asked.

"That's exactly it," Wang Yongsan replied with a nod. "This time, the country has assigned me a task to promote 'Moral Legislation' in Western Wilderness. However, I am all alone and have no idea how to proceed. Can you two help me think of a plan?"

Wang Yongsan had intended to shift the conversation towards morality. However, he didn't expect that upon hearing his words, both Luo Yusha and Lin Shixi would roll their eyes simultaneously, displaying disdain on their faces.








"Sasha, Lin classmate, are you both okay?" Wang Yongsan asked, feeling confused about why Luo Yusha and Lin Shixi were reacting this way.

Luo Yusha sighed, "This issue should be addressed to Officer Hua."

"Right!" Wang Yongsan's eyes lit up.

Hua Shengnan was not only the vice-captain of the city's public security bureau but also a transformed human. If he were to go to Western Wilderness, his tasks would include not only promoting 'Moral Legislation' but also gathering all the transformed humans and granting them official human identities.

"Officer Hua must be proficient in law. I'll call her right now," Wang Yongsan took out his phone.

Just as he was about to dial the number, he saw Luo Yusha and Lin Shixi staring at him with cold smiles.

"What's wrong with you two?" Wang Yongsan felt a chill run down his spine from being stared at.

"What's wrong? What do you think is wrong?" Luo Yusha retorted.

Lin Shixi chimed in, "Yongsan, neither Sasha nor I are fools. Let's speak frankly; you just want to see Officer Hua, right? There's no need for such a fabricated excuse!"

"I... how could that be?" Wang Yongsan was at a loss for words.

Trust between people is an invaluable treasure. Once it's broken, everything you say will be met with suspicion. Wang Yongsan was now in such a situation; he regretted it but couldn't do anything about it.

"Fine, I won't look for her anymore," Wang Yongsan pouted and put his phone back in his pocket.

However, before he could react, Luo Yusha had already dialed the number for him. She then handed the phone to Wang Yongsan, "Here, say whatever you have to say in front of us. There's no need to sneak around like this, lest people think you're having an affair."

Wang Yongsan felt like crying but had no tears; he couldn't refuse to take the phone.

The call connected, and Wang Yongsan said, "Hello?"

"Officer Hua, it's Wang Yongsan."

"You stinky brat, what do you want?"

Wang Yongsan awkwardly glanced at Luo Yusha and Lin Shixi, noticing that Officer Hua's address for him sounded somewhat ambiguous.

"Uh-huh, it's like this, Officer Hua," Wang Yongsan composed himself and said, "I have some matters regarding law and transformed humans that I'd like to discuss with you. Do you think you could come over?"

There was silence on the other end of the line for a moment before Hua Shengnan's voice came through, "Where are you?"

"I'm at the rental house." Wang Yongsan replied.

"Alright, I'll be there in half an hour."


Chapter 398:
After finishing her words, Hua Shengnan hung up the phone.

Wang Yongsan let out a sigh of relief.

Although he really had nothing to do with Hua Shengnan, Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi were listening beside him. If Hua Shengnan accidentally said something wrong, he would be facing a storm.

Twenty minutes later, the doorbell rang.

Wang Yongsan got up to open the door.

The person outside was not Hua Shengnan when he opened the door.

"Chen Ran, why are you still here?"

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

He had been taken to the capital for so many days, but Chen Ran was still guarding Longtai.

"Hehe, I'm here, of course it's for you."

Chen Ran acted as if he was at home, walking in without waiting for anyone to greet him.

When he saw people in the living room, he greeted them enthusiastically: "Hi, you are also here."

It was as if it were his own home.

Wang Yongsan chased after him from behind, first giving Luo Yusha an apologetic smile before frowning at Chen Ran: "Miss Chen, can you be a little reserved?"

Chen Ran blinked her big eyes: "Reserved? Are these two words in the Chinese dictionary?"

Wang Yongsan was defeated.

He thought today would be a lucky day, but he didn't expect it to be too lucky and turn into bad luck.

With Chen Ran stirring things up, this matter would only become more chaotic.

Wang Yongsan took a deep breath and said solemnly, "Miss Chen, I am now a state functionary, the director of the Road Reform Bureau, and a direct employee of the state. I no longer need to be afraid of your father, so please leave my house immediately."

Chen Ran pouted her lips and said aggrievedly, "I didn't use my father to suppress you."

"I know, but I was afraid of your father and endured it for you time and time again. Otherwise, I wouldn't have bothered with you from the beginning."

Wang Yongsan spoke without mincing his words.

Because, Miss Chen was carefree and wouldn't be hurt even if he wasn't polite.

On the contrary, being a little polite to her would make her immediately take advantage of the situation.

"Don't be like this, a few days ago, you were detained in the capital. I also helped create public opinion for you. You can't betray your benefactor, right?"

Miss Chen rarely acted pitifully.

This time, in order to obtain the "Playing with Fire" skill from Wang Yongsan, she was really going all out.

Previously, there was such a big social uproar that Wang Yongsan didn't know that Star Flag Bank was the one causing trouble. Therefore, when Chen Ran said this, he immediately believed it.

"But Chen Ran, I really hope you can stay away from me." Wang Yongsan said helplessly.

Chen Ran stuck out her tongue and smiled: "That's easy. You teach me the 'Playing with Fire' method, and I will stay away from you as far as possible and promise not to pester you anymore."

"Really?"

"Of course it's real. Otherwise, do you think I, Miss Chen, would like someone like you?"

Nima.

Although Wang Yongsan didn't fancy Chen Ran, it was the most hurtful to be looked down upon by someone you look down on.

Wang Yongsan wanted to cry but had no tears.

However, during his detention in the capital prison, he learned how to cultivate spiritual power from Xu Zhuo.

Wang Yongsan had the Enlightenment Crystal and the task system, so he didn't need to put in much effort to cultivate spiritual power. However, deceiving Chen Ran was feasible.

</div>


Chapter 399:
"Alright, I'll teach you something, but let me make it clear first. Controlling fire is extremely difficult to cultivate. If you don't have the talent, you might not be able to master it even if you die trying."

Chen Ran patted his chest and said, "I know, but I have confidence in myself. As long as the method you give me is correct, I will definitely be able to cultivate successfully soon."

What is this called?

This is called misplaced confidence.

Wang Yongsan decided to teach both Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi while he was at it.

Anyway, improving spiritual power is beneficial to the body. Even if one cannot cultivate to control fire or water, it can make a person's spirit increasingly focused.

The doorbell rang again.

Wang Yongsan left the three who had already entered a meditative state and went to open the door.

"Officer Hua, please come in."

The door opened, and this time it was Hua Shengnan who came.

Hua Shengnan entered the room and saw the three in a meditative state, surprised and asked, "What's wrong with them?"

Wang Yongsan made a gesture to keep quiet and whispered, "Don't disturb them. They are cultivating right now."

Hua Shengnan frowned but didn't say anything.

"Come, Officer Hua, let's not disturb them and talk in the bedroom." Wang Yongsan extended his hand, indicating Hua Shengnan to go to the bedroom.

That room was where Hua Shengnan had stayed for quite some days already, and she naturally followed him in.

'Click.'

The bedroom door was closed.

At the same time, Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi suddenly opened their eyes at the same moment.

The two looked at each other and both revealed an expression that said 'as expected', then they stood up simultaneously and quietly went to Lin Shishi's bedroom.








Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi had been waiting in the rental house, and after failing to catch someone cheating, they immediately came up with another plan.

The two first turned on the video chat of their phones and then hid one of them on the bookshelf in Wang Yongsan's bedroom.

As long as Wang Yongsan did something in the bedroom, they could watch a live broadcast in Lin Shishi's bedroom.

Just now, the two intentionally imitated Chen Ran's appearance and pretended to enter a meditative state.

In fact, they were giving Wang Yongsan a chance to see if he dared to bring someone into the bedroom.

As a result, the facts proved that Wang Yongsan not only had lustful intentions but also the courage to act on them.

"Officer Hua, have you transformed into a modified human form recently?"

In the bedroom, Wang Yongsan did not immediately talk about business but first chatted with Hua Shengnan for a bit to find the right mood for conversation.

Hua Shengnan nodded, "I transformed once, but it was in the office, and no one saw me."

Wang Yongsan laughed, "It's okay; even if someone sees you in the future, there won't be any problems. You can go with me to Xixuang; starting tomorrow, modified humans will be treated the same as normal people there."

"Go to Xixuang?"

Hua Shengnan seemed a bit hesitant.

Wang Yongsan guessed what she was thinking and laughed, "Officer Hua, the people in Xixuang have a fierce temperament. There are fights and disputes every day, and there are more crimes than in Longtai."

Hua Shengnan was concerned about exactly that.

Her only pleasure was catching bad guys.

If she went to Xixuang and couldn't be a police officer anymore, she would rather continue staying in Longtai secretly.


Chapter 400:
"Can you guarantee that the cyborg can hold public office?" Hua Shengnan wanted to confirm.

Wang Yongsan patted his chest and said, "Don't worry, I am also an official now, such a small matter, it should be said that it can be done by talking. Besides, isn't there your grandfather?"

"I don't want to rely on my family, and I have never asked him for help."

Hua Shengnan was still so proud.

"This is easy to handle."

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "If you don't look for them, I will help you find them. Moreover, this is the worst plan. Generally speaking, as long as I come forward, it will be enough."

Hua Shengnan hesitated for a moment before agreeing.

In another bedroom.

Luoyu Shasha angrily said, "Look at him, his mouth is almost split into eight petals."

"Isn't it? He even guaranteed for others, as if he was afraid that people would not go to the Western Wilderness with him." Lin Shishi also frowned.

Especially when they saw Hua Shengnan nod and agree, the two girls were even more uneasy.

Love will grow over time.

Two people working together, even if there is nothing now, who can guarantee that something will not happen in the future.

Ah~

It's really worrying!

Luoyu Shasha and Lin Shishi both forgot their hostile relationship at this time, watching the video while complaining about the two people on the screen.

Next, in the video is about moral legislation.

Hua Shengnan really knows more and gives Wang Yongsan a lot of help in this regard, but specific legislation still needs to consult more legal experts before it can be finally determined.

As the two of them finished their serious business, Hua Shengnan was ready to leave.

Luoyu Shasha and Lin Shishi quickly ran back to the living room sofa and "entered concentration" again.

Wang Yongsan sent Hua Shengnan away and looked at the time, it was almost evening.

"Hey, Sha Sha, Lin classmate, Chen Ran, wake up."

Luoyu Shasha and Lin Shishi were both quickly awakened,

Only Chen Ran, Wang Yongsan called her several times before she woke up. Until he pushed her, she woke up from concentration and opened her eyes.

"Um~~Xingxing, Xingxing don't go."

Chen Ran seemed to have just woken up from a dream, reaching out and grabbing something in front of her. Only then did she open her eyes with a confused expression.

"Huh? Why am I here?"

Wang Yongsan tilted his head and asked, "Chen Ran, were you in concentration just now? Did you see the stars?"

Chen Ran suddenly remembered and exclaimed, "Yes, I was in concentration just now. There were many stars around me spinning, flashing and sticking to my skin, even my body was shining."

Chen Ran's expression did not seem to be fake.

Wang Yongsan looked at Luoyu Shasha and Lin Shishi.

"Oh oh oh, yes, I also saw the stars."

"Me too."

The two girls quickly lied.

Wang Yongsan frowned and said, "It doesn't seem right. Xu leader taught me the technique of seeing fog. The stronger the spirit, the higher the talent for cultivation, the thinner the fog will be. Could it not be fog but stars?"

Wang Yongsan used the technique of looking at Qi to look at Chen Ran.

As soon as he looked at it, something was wrong.

Chen Ran's intelligence attribute actually increased from seven points to eight points in just under three hours.

Is it possible to improve your intelligence by practicing alone?


Chapter 401:
"Hey, what kind of expression is that? Could it be that you've taught me the wrong method to cultivate?"

Chen Ran's expression turned unkind.

Wang Yongsan hastily waved his hands: "No, no, no, the method you're cultivating is correct; I was just taken aback by your speed of cultivation. It's truly..."

"Truly too genius, right?"

Chen Ran said proudly.

Wang Yongsan wanted to mock her a few times, but for the cultivation of spiritual power, Chen Ran might truly deserve the title of genius.

On her first attempt at cultivation, she had achieved results.

Without Wang Yongsan having to explain too much, Chen Ran knew that she was cultivating the correct technique and happily went home to continue her cultivation.

"That, Lin classmate, I'm going home with ShaSha to have dinner today. We'll leave first."

Wang Yongsan pulled Luo Yusha and fled from the rental house as if running away.

He had already noticed the unkind gazes of the two girls and was afraid that if he stayed for a little longer, he would be criticized by both girls together.

Only Luo Yusha alone was easier to talk to.

As soon as they stepped out of the door,

While going downstairs, Wang Yongsan said to Luo Yusha: "ShaSha, living together with Lin classmate was my fault. I shouldn't have kept it from you, but aside from that, I really didn't mean anything else."

Luo Yusha pouted and said nothing.

Wang Yongsan used all his persuasive skills, explaining and saying sweet words.

Suddenly.

Luo Yusha stopped walking, looked at Wang Yongsan and asked: "Yongsan, are you still a virgin?"

Wang Yongsan's face turned bright red.

He scratched his head and replied: "Of course, of course..."

"Then do you want to change your identity?" Luo Yusha whispered.

It could be seen that when she said these words, she was also nervous, but she persisted.

"Change my identity?"

Wang Yongsan asked stupidly: "What identity?"

Luo Yusha rolled her eyes and replied: "Do I need to spell it out for you?"

Wang Yongsan understood.

What Luo Yusha meant was the identity of a 'non-virgin'.

To be honest, this identity, not to mention Wang Yongsan, any boy at his age would want to change it.

Naturally, Wang Yongsan had also thought about changing it.

However, Luo Yusha was too conservative; even a kiss required gentle persuasion. To actually do that, it would be more difficult than reaching the heavens.

"ShaSha, why did you suddenly ask this?"

Wang Yongsan knew what Luo Yusha meant, and he really wanted to directly answer that he wanted to change it.

But,

He was deeply in love with Luo Yusha.

If Luo Yusha wasn't because her feelings had reached the point where she genuinely wanted to change her identity with him, but rather for other reasons and had to do so even if she was willing, Wang Yongsan would not agree.

He didn't want, nor would he allow, his first time with Luo Yusha to have any flaws.








"ShaSha, why did you suddenly bring this up?"

Wang Yongsan held Luo Yusha's shoulders, facing her directly and asking.

Luo Yusha turned her head away, blushing slightly and said: "I just asked. There's no reason."

```


Chapter 402:
"No, you must have a reason. What's going on? Don't hide anything from me, okay?" Wang Yongsan insisted with a very serious expression.

Luo Yusha couldn't avoid it anymore and said with a hint of grievance:

"I just want you to think of me every day after going to the Western Wilderness."

Love sometimes makes people's minds heat up easily.

Luo Yusha only thought that Wang Yongsan would remember her in the future, but she didn't think that once she gave herself to him, if they broke up, she would lose even more.

Wang Yongsan's hands exerted force and pulled Luo Yusha into his embrace, holding her tightly.

"Shasha, what do you want me to do to make you believe that I will always love only you?"

"..."

Luo Yusha was silent.

At this moment, she herself didn't know what to do to believe Wang Yongsan.

If emotions were so easy to control, there wouldn't be so many third parties intervening and so many love stories falling apart.

Right in front of her, Lin Shuici wasn't an example?

It was not that Luo Yusha didn't trust Wang Yongsan, but rather she dared not believe men, especially excellent ones.

"Shasha, why don't you drop out of school? Come with me to the Western Wilderness as an official's wife. Watch me every day, and you should be able to rest assured then?"

"Go away, I'm not going to be an official's wife." Luo Yusha was amused by Wang Yongsan's words.

Wang Yongsan laughed: "Your words don't make sense. I'm going to the Western Wilderness to be an official, so if you don't become an official's wife, are you planning to fall in love with someone else?"

Luo Yusha pinched Wang Yongsan's waist hard.

She pinched him so much that he screamed loudly.

Shaking her small fist threateningly, she said: "If you dare to talk nonsense again, I'll let you taste the power of the vice grips."

Wang Yongsan cooperated and begged for mercy: "I dare not, I dare not. I won't do it anymore."

As the two bantered around, the atmosphere gradually became harmonious.

In fact, relationships are like this, especially girls in love. If you can't accompany her often, she will definitely think too much.

[Brothers, you must remember this sentence well.]

Wang Yongsan stayed in the capital for nearly ten days, and even though Luo Yusha knew what happened, she would still worry.

At this moment when the two met and bantered around, their feelings began to recover, so Luo Yusha naturally wouldn't think too much anymore.

After dinner that night, Wang's parents invited Luo Yusha to stay at home overnight. However, Luo Yusha no longer had the courage she had before and refused to 'change her identity' with Wang Yongsan, insisting on returning to school.

Wang Yongsan sent Luo Yusha back to her dormitory before returning home and having a good sleep in his own bed.

The next day, Wang Yongsan got up early to take office in the Western Wilderness.

After getting dressed, Wang's father asked his company's driver to drive his Mercedes-Benz to send Wang Yongsan to the Western Wilderness.

Longtai was three and a half hours away from the Western Wilderness by car.

Just as they entered the Western Wilderness, a long line of traffic blocked Wang Yongsan's way forward.

"Uncle Li, what's going on?" Wang Yongsan asked the driver.

"I'm not sure, it seems like there's a checkpoint ahead and cars aren't allowed to pass. You wait in the car for a moment, I'll go check it out."

The driver replied and got out of the car to investigate ahead.


Chapter 403:
After a while, the driver returned.

His expression was somewhat strange. After getting in the car, he said to Wang Yongsan, "Young Master, I'll tell you the truth. Don't get angry, okay?"

Wang Yongsan became even more curious and nodded, "Uncle Li, we're so familiar with each other. Just speak your mind. How could I possibly be angry with you?"

Uncle Li shook his head and sighed, "I'm not saying you'll be angry with me. I'm worried that you might get angry with others. Forget it, I'll just tell you directly."

Wang Yongsan listened attentively.

Uncle Li swallowed his saliva before continuing, "In front, it's not an accident or road repair. It's because a big figure is coming today, so the highway department and traffic police have set up a checkpoint to block the road. Anyone who doesn't know them is stopped outside, preventing anyone from harming the big figure."

"Oh? What kind of big figure is it, so impressive?"

Wang Yongsan became interested.

Xihuang City is one of the worst cities in Lu Mountain, not just in terms of economic conditions but also in terms of public morality, including public security management and basic infrastructure construction. It ranks last among all cities in Lu Mountain.

Generally, when leaders come to inspect, they mostly go to Longtai or Lijiang, which are developed cities. Rarely do they inspect Xihuang.

"By the way, Uncle Li, you said not to get angry. What's there to be angry about? They are leaders coming to inspect, and for safety reasons, they delay me a little bit of time. It's not enough to make me angry, right?" Wang Yongsan said with a smile.

Uncle Li shook his head and sighed, "Because the big figure I mentioned is you."

"Me?"

Wang Yongsan pointed at his nose, puzzled, "I'm just a small director. Although I report directly to the state, in terms of official rank, I'm not even as high as a county magistrate. How can I be considered a big figure?"

Uncle Li, being older, quickly saw the problem.

He whispered, "Young Master, this is where it's really problematic. You are just a director, yet they arrange people to block the road for your welcome. What do you think the common people will think? They want to smother you!"

Wang Yongsan suddenly understood.

As a small official, on his first day in office, he caused many vehicles to wait for him, wasting their time.

Would the drivers not complain?

If among them, someone had urgent matters to attend to, they would definitely hate the person who caused the roadblock.

Moreover.

Even if there was a checkpoint to welcome him, why did they stop his own vehicle as well?

Shouldn't they have clarified the license plate number and driving route of his vehicle before intercepting?

This was clearly a show of force.

"Uncle Li, it seems that Xihuang doesn't welcome me."

Wang Yongsan's eyes narrowed.

His Dao Reform Bureau was a newly established independent department, not under anyone's jurisdiction and not affecting others' promotions.

Even so, the officials in Xihuang still wanted to mess with him, which Wang Yongsan couldn't understand.

"Uncle Li, wait here. I'll go take a look myself."

Wang Yongsan got out of the car and walked towards the roadblock ahead.

At this time, the vehicles had lined up for nearly a hundred meters.

As Wang Yongsan walked past the cars, he clearly heard some people who didn't know the situation cursing him.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan heard that some people had been stopped for more than two hours.

Wang Yongsan suppressed his anger and walked towards the roadblock.


Chapter 404:
"Who is in charge here?"

As soon as he spoke, several pairs of eyes were drawn to him.

These people clearly recognized him, but they only twitched slightly before pretending not to know him.

"Who are you? What do you want?" Instead of answering, these people asked Wang Yongsan.

"Who am I? You're waiting for me here, so you don't know who I am?" Wang Yongsan sneered.








"You? Are you that Wang San from the rumors?" A member of the highway administration asked with a mischievous look.

Then he turned around and shouted at the others, "Hey, come take a look. He says he's some Wang San. Do any of you know him?"

The insult was clear.

Thirty members of the highway administration and two traffic police officers approached together, pointing at Wang Yongsan and saying, "You're right. It does seem to be some Wang San."

"It's Wang Bai San (Wang Tresan)."

"You shut up! His surname is Wang, and his name is San, but he's not Wang Bai San. Don't just go around cursing people!"

"Oh, oh, so it's Wang San. I thought the name Wang Bai San was strange."

"But isn't Wang San also a bit strange?"

"Who cares? His parents just didn't have enough education to come up with a good name. We can't blame him, right?"

The group spoke one after another, completely disregarding Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan's fists clenched.

It was fine if they insulted him; he could learn from Lin Shicci and act like a rural person.

[Reference 






But these people actually insulted his parents, and he could not let it go unpunished.

"It seems you have a lot of complaints about me?"

Wang Yongsan walked forward with a smile, but only a few who truly knew him realized that he was on the brink of exploding.

Several reckless roadblockers continued to laugh.

One of them said nonchalantly, "How could that be? You're the director. Although you don't oversee us, you are still an official. We can't wait to fawn on you, so how could we have complaints about you?"

Then he suddenly shouted at the others, "Come on, come on. Give Director Wang a path to walk through so he can take office. If you delay the opening of his bureau, be careful that we strip off your dog skin!"

"Yes, yes. Quickly let Director Wang pass through to open the bureau."

The group laughed and moved the roadblock, creating a gap.

This gap was so narrow that even walking through it would be tight, let alone driving a car.

It was just at the edge of Xih荒市, and there were still at least ten kilometers to go before reaching the city center. It would be inconvenient to take a taxi, let alone a bus.

"Director Wang, please go ahead."

The person in front made a gesture of invitation.

Wang Yongsan still maintained his smile, "This gap is too narrow, isn't it? Are you suggesting I crawl through?"

"Oh my, it's all my fault. But these roadblocks are too heavy for us to move. Why don't you come over and help us try? Otherwise, you'll have to crawl through."

The other party laughed maliciously.

The others were also waiting to see Wang Yongsan's embarrassment.

包括前面的几辆车的司机此时也从车上下来，大声喧哗着，让王勇三爬过去。

(Including the drivers of the cars in front, who had now also gotten out of their vehicles and were shouting loudly for Wang Yongsan to crawl through.)


Chapter 405:
These people,  obviously they could all see that the person who set up the roadblock had a grudge against Wang Yongsan,  but they dared not offend the highway administration and the traffic police,  so they could only continue to vent their anger on Wang Yongsan.

Bullies the weak and fears the strong,  the inherent evil of humanity is fully displayed at this moment.

"Alright,  then please help me. Let's move it together. "

Wang Yongsan smiled,  as if he didn't realize that these people were trying to trick him.

Seeing this,  the others laughed even more happily.

The leader among them waved his hand,  and the others immediately gathered around the roadblock.

One by one they put their hands on the roadblock,  pretending to move it,  but in reality they didn't exert any effort at all.

However,

Wang Yongsan asked them to touch it,  not because he really wanted their help to lift the roadblock.

As soon as everyone had touched it,  Wang Yongsan suddenly lifted it with a bang.

The hundreds of kilograms heavy roadblock was lifted off the ground,  and under Wang Yongsan's deliberate strength,  it slammed down on several people from the highway administration and traffic police.

A dull 'bang' echoed through the air.

Then there was a series of cries from the ground.

Wang Yongsan patted his hands,  still maintaining a smiling expression as he said: "I'm sorry everyone,  this roadblock is really too heavy. I accidentally loosened my grip and hurt you all. "

"Quickly,  lift it up for us. "

With hundreds of kilograms pressing down on them,  these people were immediately injured. At this moment,  they couldn't even think about getting up by themselves. Just being able to hold on was already impressive.

They were all ordinary people and couldn't understand why Wang Yongsan had such great strength.

But at this moment,  they could only beg Wang Yongsan for help.

"I'm really sorry,  this roadblock is too heavy. I have used up all my strength just now and really can't lift it again. You guys will just have to bear with it for a bit longer. "

Bear with it?

With people almost being crushed to death,  how could they bear it?

They all begged for mercy one after another.

However,  Wang Yongsan completely ignored them and kicked the roadblock on the other side away with a kick.

The drivers were stunned.

The several people from the highway administration and traffic police who were pressed on the ground also felt extremely depressed.

You said you had no strength,  right?

With a kick sending the roadblock flying away,  this strength could probably send someone to the sky.

"What are you all standing there for? If you don't want to leave,  get out of the way and let those behind go first. " Wang Yongsan shouted at the drivers.

These useless people not only dared not offend those who ate government food,  but also helped them out and wanted to watch his own joke.

If it wasn't for the fact that his car was still behind them,  Wang Yongsan really wanted to let them continue to block the road here.

The drivers finally reacted and quickly started their cars,  whizzing away.

Uncle Li drove the car over.

Wang Yongsan asked him to wait for a moment before squatting down in front of the leader and asking: "Who asked you to find trouble with me? "

"No,  no.  It's our own fault for being blind and short-sighted. We thought that you were too high profile and feared that you would come here to meddle in other people's affairs,  so we wanted to give you a warning. "

"Is that so? "

Wang Yongsan sneered and punched the person unconscious.

Then he walked up to another person: "What about you?  Do you have a different story to tell? "

"No,  no.  I don't. "

Bang.


Chapter 406:
Another punch, rendering him unconscious.

The third one,

The fourth one,

Continuing until the last man standing.

Wang Yongsan asked, "How about it? Only you are left now. Tell the truth or lie."

"Brother, I'm just a small fry. It's the truth..."

"Wait a moment."

Wang Yongsan raised his hand to stop him and said, "Don't rush into your answer."

Then he walked to the car, took out several bottles of mineral water from it, and poured them on the heads of the unconscious people.

The last person was a bit dazed.

He thought to himself, how could he be so lucky as to escape this disaster?

Seeing that everyone was woken up by the water, Wang Yongsan laughed and said, "I'm sorry everyone. To encourage those who told the truth to be brave, I deliberately knocked you all out. Now that everything has been clarified, I woke everyone up. Please don't take it to heart."

Everyone looked at each other, and six of them had water on their heads while one person's face was dry.

"It wasn't me, it wasn't me. I didn't say anything."

The last person was almost in tears.

Their boss was the most powerful figure in Western Wilderness, and even the top leader of the city was his student.

If he were misunderstood by them, could he even survive?








Wang Yongsan smiled, and the effect he wanted had been achieved.

He gently lifted the roadblock and pulled the last person out of the ground, patting him on the dust.

Then he said kindly, "Okay brother, I promised to protect you, and I will definitely do it. Now everyone knows you are a traitor, and staying here would only humiliate yourself. Why don't you just follow me?"

The last person wiped his tears and cried, "You're lying! I didn't say anything. Lao Yu, Lao Zhao, you have to believe me!"

The two people he called looked down silently.

This matter had to be taken responsibility for by someone.

Now that the unlucky person had been chosen, even if he really didn't say his boss's name, everyone would deliberately treat him as the traitor.

"Su Ming, I didn't expect you to be so spineless. When we go back, I will tell the boss about your situation. At that time, not only you but also your parents and family will be in trouble."

The leader said viciously.

After he said this, it was equivalent to confirming Su Ming's identity as a traitor.

Su Ming's face turned pale instantly.

Wang Yongsan added fuel to the fire, walked over, and kicked the leader's face fiercely.

While kicking, he cursed, "You bastard! You dared to threaten my man. Do you think I was born to be scared?"

The leader was kicked miserably and cried out for mercy.

After Wang Yongsan had kicked enough, he changed to another person and continued kicking.

Until everyone, except Su Ming, had been kicked all over.

Now it was good; according to the 'cowardly and fearsome principle', these people dared not bully the formidable Wang Yongsan, so they could only vent their resentment of being beaten on Su Ming.

Everyone looked at Su Ming with eyes full of hatred as if they wanted to eat him alive.

"Let's go, Xiao Su. Don't you think others can still believe you at this point?"

Wang Yongsan continued to break down Su Ming's defense.


Chapter 407:
Su Ming was not stupid. He realized that no matter what he said now, no one would believe him.

Moreover, he was well aware that the boss's influence in the Western Wilderness was such that if there was even a hint of suspicion about him, the other party would not hesitate to cripple him.

In the end, in the boss's eyes, he was nothing but an ant. Who would bother about an ant?

It would be as simple as squashing him with a finger.

Su Ming was young, only twenty-two years old, but he had a certain decisiveness in his actions.

At this moment, knowing that staying would mean death, he gritted his teeth and decided to stand firmly on Wang Yongsan's side.

"Boss, my name is Su Ming. Today, it was the Ji family's Seventh Uncle who instructed us to cause trouble for you. As far as I know, besides our group, there are also several others from Longtai who have been blocked on their way here. The purpose is to make you the target of public criticism and be condemned by everyone."

Wang Yongsan nodded.

This Su Ming, who had pledged loyalty to him in front of others, would be detrimental to his reputation if he were to betray him.

In the future, when Wang Yongsan wanted to develop his own forces in the Western Wilderness, there would probably be no one willing to follow him.

Decisive and intelligent.

To gain such a follower was an unexpected joy for Wang Yongsan on this trip.

"Alright, from now on, you are my man. Who dares to cause trouble for you will be causing trouble for me. As long as you remain obedient, if anyone dares to touch you, I will make sure they pay a hundred times more." Wang Yongsan declared loudly.

Afterward,

He shouted at the people on the ground, "You lot, when you go back, make it clear to the Ji family that I, Wang Yongsan, remember today's incident. I will visit them soon."

Wang Yongsan did not like to drag things out too much.

When he said he would pay a visit, there was no need to wait for another day. Instead, he took action immediately.

Wang Yongsan walked towards the car, and Su Ming quickly showed his initiative by running to the front to open the door for him, placing his hand on the car frame to prevent Wang Yongsan from bumping his head.

"Thank you."

Wang Yongsan gave him a slight smile and sat in the car.

Such a polite boss made Su Ming feel somewhat flattered.

After all, those in government positions with a bit of authority acted as if they were something special. Let alone saying thank you, giving you a good face would already be considered burning incense to the gods.

"You're welcome, you're welcome. This is what I should do."

Su Ming nodded and bowed, closing the car door.

Then, under Wang Yongsan's gesture, he sat in the co-pilot seat.

Wang Yongsan saw that he seemed a bit uneasy and thought for a moment, realizing the reason.

"Little Su, don't worry. As long as I am here, the Ji family won't be able to touch you."

Encouraged by Wang Yongsan, Su Ming nodded vigorously and said, "What the leader said is right. From now on, I follow you. This dog skin uniform doesn't need to be worn anymore."

As an official, calling his work clothes dog skin showed how much he despised his profession.

Wang Yongsan had come into contact with traffic police from other places, such as those in Longtai City, who were responsible and respected.

Su Ming's disgust towards his profession showed the problems with the system in Xiwang, where even those within were cursing it behind their backs.

This was all within the scope of moral issues that needed to be rectified.

"Don't worry, no one can take off your police uniform."


Chapter 408:
```
Wang Yongsan said this sentence and then took out his phone to make a call.

After several rings on the other end, someone picked up.

"Hello, young friend, today should be your first day in office, right? Has something gone wrong?"

Wang Yongsan was calling Zhu Lao.

People in high positions value efficiency in their work.

Zhu Lao, having retired from the government, didn't speak like some lower-ranking officials who liked to beat around the bush without getting to the point. He went straight to the heart of the matter.

Wang Yongsan was also a man of this straightforward disposition.

Upon hearing Zhu Lao's words, he asked, "Zhu Lao, I want to ask if the morality bureau has the authority to deal with immoral behavior among civil servants? Does it require approval from higher authorities?"

Zhu Lao chuckled and replied, "I remember telling you this before. You are only responsible to the country. The top leader instructed me to liaise with you, essentially making you answerable only to me. I fully support your work, so do whatever you think is right without seeking approval from anyone else."

"Moreover, I grant you authority. Within Xixuancheng City, you have the right to inquire about any person or matter, except those involving confidential or higher-level classified documents. Your inquiries take precedence over all others."

Zhu Chang'an's trust in Wang Yongsan was virtually unconditional.

Besides the two times Wang Yongsan saved him, it was also because of Wang Yongsan's righteous and well-behaved actions.

Zhu Chang'an believed that Wang Yongsan knew his limits.

Wang Yongsan couldn't figure out why Zhu Chang'an, after retiring, still had such authority.

However, since he could pull Wang Yongsan out of the capital prison, it should be unchallenged in a small place like Xixuancheng.

"Thank you, Zhu Lao. I know what to do now."

Hanging up the phone, a cold smile appeared on Wang Yongsan's face.

"Xiao Su, the traffic police captain was involved today too, right?"

"Of course. Without his orders, how could we have acted on our own?" Su Ming respectfully replied.

"Good."

Wang Yongsan nodded, a mischievous smile playing on his lips.








To repay good with evil, how should one then repay good?

Wang Yongsan used to be timid and weak, bullied every day. Therefore, when he gained the strength to resist, he no longer wanted to endure that misery.

Not even once.

Just now, dealing with those few traffic police and the people from the highway administration was merely an appetizer.

The big fish hiding behind the scenes, both large and small, he would deal with one by one.

"Leader, what do you mean?" Su Ming's mood was somewhat excited.

His family had connections, allowing him to secure a formal position in the traffic police department. However, his family's influence wasn't strong enough; without any additional opportunities, his career would likely end here.

If Wang Yongsan wanted to cause trouble for his superior, as Wang Yongsan's follower, he would have a chance to advance further.

Wang Yongsan gave him an expression that was meant to be understood but not spoken of.

Although he had a divine weapon, before things were successful, he still needed to be cautious.

The municipal office building.

Wang Yongsan's morality bureau office was also located in this building.

The Mercedes-Benz was stopped at the entrance.
```


Chapter 409:
The security guard stepped forward without hesitation and began to shoo people away: “What are you doing here? Do you know where this place is? Get lost quickly.”

The license plate letters for Longtai and Xixuang are different.

As a security guard, even if he didn't know that this was Wang Yongsan's car, he knew for sure that the people inside were not locals.

Wang Yongsan didn't move.

Sitting in the passenger seat, Su Ming rolled down the window and spoke to the security guard outside: “Old Zhou, this is our leader. Please open the door.”

“Oh, oh, it's Director Wu's car. I apologize for the inconvenience. Please wait a moment.”

Old Zhou pressed the button to open the electric gate while muttering under his breath: “When did the traffic police captain switch to this car? He used to drive a Magotan, didn't he? Now his car is even more luxurious than the leader's. Doesn't he worry about being criticized?”

The gate opened.

The Mercedes-Benz drove straight in, stopping only when it reached the entrance of the building.

Su Ming quickly got out of the car, ready to open the door for Wang Yongsan, but the man had already gotten out on his own.

“Xiao Su, from now on, you don't have to be so attentive around me. Just put up a show in front of others. We're just colleagues behind closed doors,” Wang Yongsan said solemnly.

Calling someone “Xiao Su” is already quite pretentious.

Wang Yongsan couldn't go any further.

Su Ming nodded repeatedly and bowed with a smile: “Yes, Director Wang. Since I'm still part of the traffic police now, shouldn't I resign first? Otherwise, following you like this might invite gossip.”

“There's no need for that,” Wang Yongsan waved his hand dismissively.

On the way here just now, he had already made up his mind.

Since he was going to reform Xixuang, he would need people to help him.

If Su Ming resigned, at most he could only serve as a follower. It would be somewhat of a waste. Wang Yongsan was planning to reform the traffic police department anyway, so if he could help promote Su Ming, it would be an additional advantage in the future.

The two entered the building.

Su Ming went to find someone for the office key.

However, when they arrived at the “office” and saw what it was like, Wang Yongsan's anger flared up.

These bastards actually gave him the key to a warehouse!

Although the items inside had already been removed, it was empty and dusty, with not even a single chair in sight.

Most importantly, the warehouse faced directly towards the bathroom.

Although the restroom in this building was cleaned daily, it would still occasionally emit some unpleasant odors.

“I'm going to find them and give them a piece of my mind,” Su Ming turned around to leave.

Wang Yongsan grabbed him by the arm and laughed: “Don't worry. Today, we'll just stay here. In the future, I want them to beg me to move out.”

“Xiao Su, please find someone to clean this place up and buy some simple furniture. The simpler the better.”

Wang Yongsan took out his wallet and handed all the money inside to Su Ming.

Looking at Wang Yongsan's mischievous smile, Su Ming didn't understand what was going on, but he knew that some people were about to get into trouble.

Su Ming left.

Wang Yongsan took out his phone and called Shashengnan.

“Hello?”

“Officer Hua, when can you come over?”

“I'm in the process of resigning now. It might take another two or three days.”

“It'll still take two or three days?”

“What do you need?”

```


Chapter 410:
Wang Yongsan asked, "Officer Hua, it's like this. I came from Longtai to Xixuan today... blah blah... Can you give me some advice on how to deal with those from the highway and traffic department?"

There was silence on the phone for a moment.

Then,

Hua Shengnan asked instead of answering, "How many people do you have under your command now?"

"Huh?"

Wang Yongsan was stunned for a moment and counted, "There's one, a new follower."

"What can you do with just one person?"

Hua Shengnan said, "If you want to do something, you need enough people who listen to your orders. Then you need authorization from higher-ups. Finally, you need a legitimate reason for your actions, and ideally, there should be an effective reporting and supervision mechanism. You have none of these right now. Unless you use violent means, no one will pay attention to you."

"Uh... using violence doesn't seem very good, right?"

"Of course not."

Hua Shengnan said, "You are a public servant now. You paid for beating people before, but if you continue to solve problems with violence now, it won't just be about paying money. It could even lead to your dismissal if it gets serious enough."

Wang Yongsan also knew these things.

If he wanted to use violent means to solve the problem, he would have already stormed into the highway and traffic departments, why would he need to ask Hua Shengnan for advice?

However, what Hua Shengnan asked for couldn't be accomplished in a day or two.

Authorization was easy to obtain,

Before, Zhu Laoshi had already given Wang Yongsan enough authority.

But the personnel and reporting supervision mechanism required time to plan.

"Officer Hua, do you have any personnel recommendations? Or should I hire employees myself?" Wang Yongsan asked cluelessly.

Hua Shengnan thought for a moment and said, "To be honest, I don't think you can recruit anyone in Xixuan."

"Why?"

"Because the people of Xixuan are fierce, there are too many troublemakers here, and it's said that the family forces are quite strong. You are going to confront their local tyrants, who would dare to work for you?"

Hua Shengnan's words made sense.

Taking the Zhou family as an example, they were almost like the local emperors of Xixuan.

If it wasn't for being framed by Wang Yongsan and having no other choice, Su Ming wouldn't have chosen to follow him as his follower.

"Money can move even the spirits of the dead. I refuse to believe that I can't recruit any useful people." Wang Yongsan said stubbornly.

"Alright, then you try recruiting people yourself. I can help you design some reporting and supervision rules, and we'll get back in touch once it's done."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan felt worried.

Although the Road Reform Bureau was established, besides giving me enough authority and an office in the Xixuan Municipal Building, everything else was left up to me.

It sounded free, but it was actually quite troublesome.

"With great rewards come brave followers. It seems I can only use money to attract them."

Wang Yongsan planned to call home.

He had plenty of pocket money, but it wasn't enough to establish a department. And the funds from above required approval time.

Wang Yongsan planned to borrow some money from home first.

However, before he could dial the number, an unexpected call came in at that moment.

Wang Yongsan's eyes lit up: "Damn, how could I almost forget about them?"








Wang Yongsan quickly answered the phone.


Chapter 411:
Excitedly said: “Hey, Dr. Le, why did you think of calling me?”

The person who called was none other than Dr. Le, the one who made the gene restoration serum for Wang Yongsan.

"Hahaha, little Wang, I don't come to the Three Treasures Hall for nothing. I'm looking for you because I have a favor to ask."

Dr. Le was only interested in experiments and had no interest in anything else, so he spoke directly without any circumlocution.

Wang Yongsan also had a favor to ask Dr. Le, but he held back and planned to listen to what the other party wanted first before making a request.

If he could help, he would bring up his own request along the way. If not, he wouldn't be embarrassed to say anything more.

"Dr. Le, what do you need? If I can help, I won't refuse."

Dr. Le felt a little embarrassed and said: "Little Wang, you know, I did this experiment, causing many people to become cyborgs. Although scientific progress requires sacrifices from some, I always feel a bit guilty in my heart."

Dr. Le was an experimental maniac.

Because of this, he had some feelings for his experimental results.

Even if the cyborgs were failures, he still treated them as his own children.

Wang Yongsan didn't know how to comfort the other party, so he kept silent.

Dr. Le sighed and continued: "Now that I have mass-produced the gene restoration serum, the cyborgs around me have returned to their human form. But they are still cyborgs after all. Once people outside find out, they will still be looked down upon.

I heard that you are promoting the legalization of cyborgs. Can you give these children a chance to work with you?"

Wang Yongsan caught the gist of it.

He happily said: "Dr. Le, you want me to help them find jobs?"

"Yes, since you are the Department of Road Reform, if you want to legalize cyborgs, it would be more convincing to use cyborgs as responsible persons, right?"

Wang Yongsan almost laughed out loud.

He was worried that he didn't have anyone to use, but now people are delivering themselves to his door.

Moreover, even if cyborgs return to their human form, their physical fitness or intelligence attributes will still be enhanced compared to before.

They are stronger and smarter than ordinary people.

Even, they can enhance their attributes again through forced transformation and obtain special abilities corresponding to their genes.

Wang Yongsan suppressed his laughter, trying to keep his tone calm and replied: "Okay, since Dr. Le has spoken, I will definitely help."

"Thank you, thank you, thank you very much, little Wang." Dr. Le sighed in relief.

Wang Yongsan eagerly asked: "You're welcome, Dr. Le. When do you think they can come over? Or I can go pick them up too."

"They can come at any time, you decide the time."

"It's better to meet by chance than to choose a date, since I have nothing to do now, I'll go find you right away."

Wang Yongsan couldn't wait to recruit subordinates.

Dr. Le gave an address.

After Wang Yongsan recorded it, he hung up the phone. Just in time, Su Ming brought the cleaning staff back.

"Little Su, is Uncle Li still there?" Wang Yongsan asked.

"Still here, I saw him wiping the car when I came up just now." Su Ming respectfully replied.

Uncle Li's real name was Li Cai, and he was from Xixiang City.

```


Chapter 412:
Although Wang Yongsan knows how to drive, he is not very skilled at it. This time, Dad Wang asked Uncle Li to come over and be responsible for driving Wang Yongsan around.

"Let's go, follow me outside."

Wang Yongsan led the way downstairs and got into the Mercedes-Benz car, heading north.

Beikou Road, No. 444.

This used to be a kindergarten, but it was sealed off last year due to incomplete credentials. At this moment, Doctor Le and the modified humans were living here.

As soon as the Mercedes-Benz stopped, someone greeted them.

"Hey, it's you."

Wang Yongsan recognized this person; he was the modified human who helped Doctor Le deliver the gene restoration drug to him.

"Hello, Mr. Wang. I'm Lin Dong. Doctor Le and everyone are waiting for you inside. Please follow me."

Wang Yongsan followed him in.

As soon as they entered, everyone exclaimed!

The room was packed with people; there were at least thirty or forty of them. There were also rolls of bedding on the ground, indicating that these people usually slept there.

"Boss, are they running a pyramid scheme?" Su Ming whispered in Wang Yongsan's ear.

He didn't know what these people were doing and was worried that Wang Yongsan might be tricked.

Wang Yongsan smiled but didn't have time to explain when the modified human on the other side answered for him.

"This young man, we are not running a pyramid scheme. We were saved by Mr. Wang and we are all modified humans."

Hearing that they were modified humans, Su Ming's heart skipped a beat.

There are many modified humans in the Western Wilderness, and Su Ming had heard about them.

However, modified humans are usually strange in appearance, with all sorts of shapes and forms.

But these modified humans in front of him looked completely normal; how could they be modified humans?

"Alright, little Su. I know what I'm doing." Wang Yongsan didn't explain the matter of the gene restoration drug to him.

Doctor Le greeted them. He was obsessed with experiments and wouldn't waste time here to receive Wang Yongsan if not for finding a way out for these "experimental results."

Even though Wang Yongsan brought him out of the underground laboratory.

"Doctor, it seems like there are quite a few more people here than when we escaped last time?"

Wang Yongsan remembered that only a dozen or so modified humans were brought out from the underground laboratory last time. But now, there are forty or fifty of them.

"Some of them came because they heard about it. These are the ones who want to follow you, and there are a few who want to stay here. Otherwise, there would be even more people."

Doctor Le introduced both sides to each other and especially introduced the abilities of these modified humans.

Wang Yongsan was overjoyed in his heart, but he remained calm on the surface.

After Doctor Le finished introducing everyone, Wang Yongsan said, "Hello everyone. Since you are willing to follow me, from today onwards, you will be my subordinates, the first batch of employees in the Dao Gai Bureau. But I need to remind you all."

The modified humans listened attentively and focused on what he was saying.

Wang Yongsan continued, "As a member of the Dao Gai Bureau and my subordinate, you must be more disciplined than ordinary people. If you make a mistake, I will not only refuse to cover it up for you but also impose double the punishment on you compared to ordinary people."

"Those who are willing can take a step forward, and we will leave together later."


Chapter 413:
"Those who feel they cannot do it, don't step forward to avoid making mistakes in the future and saying I am unreasonable."

After Wang Yongsan finished speaking, suddenly seven or eight cyborgs took a step forward at the same time.

Another ten or so cyborgs hesitated for a moment before stepping forward as well.

In the end, only twenty-three people chose to follow Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan nodded his head.

A good soldier is skilled and not numerous.

Those with poor self-discipline would only cause trouble if left behind.

"Excellent, you will follow me now. I will arrange accommodations for you. When there is free time, you are free to move about as you wish. Once a task arises, make sure you are available at all times and obey orders without question."

"Also, since it is a job, there must be wages."

Wang Yongsan turned around and asked Su Ming: "Xiao Su, how much is the monthly salary for your civil servants?"








When Wang Yongsan asked, Su Ming could not avoid answering.

However, the salaries of civil servants were often difficult to explain clearly.

After hesitating for a moment, Su Ming still decided to give an honest answer.

"Leader, my current salary at the traffic police department, including various subsidies, is 3700 yuan per month."

"So little?" Wang Yongsan's brows furrowed slightly.

In a month, including all subsidies, it was less than 4000 yuan?

Wang Yongsan's pocket money alone was several times that amount.

Su Ming blushed and said, "Leader, this salary is already quite high. Moreover...this is just the official account."

"Official account?"

Wang Yongsan, not understanding, asked: "That means there is also a secret account?"

Su Ming nodded.

Although he didn't know about the traffic police in other places, most of the traffic police in Xihai had secret accounts.

As for how these secret accounts were obtained, there were various methods and reasons.

There were many people around, so Su Ming didn't dare to elaborate but simply mentioned a few things, and Wang Yongsan understood.

He had always heard about corruption among leaders, but he didn't expect that even Su Ming, a low-ranking soldier, would have secret account income.

"Leader, these are all unofficial rules that everyone knows about. I said eight to ten percent of people do it, and that might even be an underestimate."

Wang Yongsan shook his head and said, "It's difficult for you to earn over 10,000 yuan a month with the secret account included?"

Su Ming replied, "It's hard to say exactly, but on average, it should be over 10,000 yuan."

"So, 10,000 yuan a month?" Wang Yongsan asked seriously.

Su Ming nodded.

He was a bit worried that if Wang Yongsan suddenly decided to confiscate all his secret account earnings, his new house might lose several square meters.

Wang Yongsan was not that unreasonable.

Fighting corruption was not his responsibility.

Moreover, if he were to investigate from now on, it would be manageable.

If he wanted to look into past accounts, most civil servants in Xihai would be under scrutiny. Even if he could investigate them all, what would he do with each one?

If that were to happen, it would be like going against the entire civil service system in Xihai, and a potential strike could become problematic.

"10,000 yuan is 10,000 yuan. Your base salary will be set at 10,000 yuan per month for now."

"I will hire an accountant to pay you at the end of each month. If there are any outstanding contributions during work, there will be additional bonuses."

```


Chapter 414:
"Of course, if you take the money and don't work, or even use your authority to eat, take, and demand, I will not only fire you but also punish you with whipping."

"Do you all understand?"

Wang Yongsan's expression became serious.

Twenty-three modified humans responded in unison: "Understood."

Managing subordinates requires a combination of kindness and severity.

The average salary of public servants in the Western Wilderness is around three to four thousand, and a monthly salary of one hundred thousand is considered quite generous.

However, considering that Wang Yongsan has to deal with the local tyrant of the Western Wilderness, which poses a certain risk, giving his subordinates a monthly salary of one hundred thousand is reasonable.

Moreover, there will definitely be funding for hiring people from his superiors.

Even if he pays a little more, Wang Yongsan can afford it.

What he wants now is reputation and to live up to Zhu Laoshi's trust and his own position.

A little money is not within his consideration.

After saying goodbye to Doctor Yue, Wang Yongsan brought his twenty-three modified human subordinates and found several connected shared apartments online as temporary accommodations for himself and his subordinates.

Then, based on their abilities and physiques, he divided them into three groups.

After settling down, Wang Yongsan asked Su Ming: "Xiao Su, do you have any media friends?"

Su Ming shook his head: "I know some, but they are just acquaintances and not friends."

"It's fine if you know them."

Wang Yongsan was not picky and smiled: "You help me contact them. I want to hold a press conference tomorrow to announce the official opening of the Road Reform Bureau."

"Okay, I'll take care of it."

Su Ming took the order and left.

However, just an hour after Wang Yongsan instructed Su Ming, not only did the media know about the opening of the Road Reform Bureau, but many others also got the news.

Among them were the Zhou family.

Suddenly, there was a hidden undercurrent in the Western Wilderness media circle regarding the opening of the Road Reform Bureau.

"Hey, have you heard? The Road Reform Bureau is opening tomorrow."

"Of course I've heard. It seems that the Zhou family has said they want to embarrass their director."

"I wonder what kind of enmity this Wang Yongsan has with the Zhou family. It seems like he received a cold welcome from them just yesterday after arriving."

"Who says it's not? Anyway, no matter how capable he is, in the Western Wilderness, he can't compete with the Zhou family."

"I heard that tomorrow's press conference will be live-streamed, so there should be a good show to watch."

The media people were waiting to see the drama unfold.

On the other side, Su Ming found Wang Yongsan with his head down: "Report to the leader, I messed up."

Wang Yongsan slightly frowned: "What happened? Explain it clearly."

Su Ming said angrily: "I originally contacted the director of the Western Wilderness Television Station, but he spread our matter everywhere. Now even the Zhou family knows about it, and they have requested that the Western Wilderness Television Station publicize it widely and change the recorded broadcast to a live broadcast, wanting to see you embarrassed."

Wang Yongsan didn't understand: "Why would a live broadcast necessarily lead to embarrassment?"

Su Ming explained: "It's not that a live broadcast will necessarily lead to embarrassment, but during a live broadcast, you can't read from a script and must adapt on the spot. This requires quick thinking and reaction speed, and considering the Zhou family's nature, they will definitely send reporters to cause trouble and ask embarrassing questions."

Wang Yongsan frowned slightly.

If there were any disturbances during the press conference, it would greatly affect the image of the Road Reform Bureau.


Chapter 415:
However, at this point, if we cancel the press conference, the other party will still seize the opportunity to criticize us by saying that we are too embarrassed to hold a press conference because our scandals have been exposed.

Wang Yongsan sneered, "I agree with the live broadcast because it avoids the possibility of them editing the recorded video later. If they edit out everything I want to say, that would be unacceptable."

Both sides had their own plans.

The next day arrived quickly.

At the conference hall of Xihai Hotel, there was already a sea of people.

In addition to the invited Xihai TV Station, many online media and self-media people had also come uninvited.

At 10 o'clock sharp, Wang Yongsan walked onto the stage and greeted everyone without hesitation despite facing so many people.

"Hello everyone, I am Wang Yongsan, the director of the Road Reform Bureau. I'm glad you could all come to our press conference at the Road Reform Bureau."

"Before this, I believe you all have some understanding of me, so let me first introduce our Road Reform Bureau to you, including its powers and responsibilities."

Before Wang Yongsan could finish his words, someone interrupted him.

"Director Wang, Director Wang, I have a question I want to ask you. Could you please answer it first?"

Wang Yongsan was a little unhappy, but he didn't lose his temper.

During the press conference, questions could indeed be asked, but there was an order to it.

"Of course you can ask questions, but please let me finish introducing our department first. Then I will naturally leave time for everyone to ask questions." Wang Yongsan replied calmly.








Wang Yongsan's answer was straightforward.

However, the journalists started causing a commotion.

"What is this? So many people want to ask questions, but we have to wait for him to finish first?"

"No rules at all. What's the point of holding a press conference? We should have known better than to come here."

"Alright, alright. He's just a student after all, and he was expelled from school before. Suddenly becoming an official has made him a bit arrogant, which is normal."

"Hmph, truly a small man who has gained power."

Wang Yongsan's brows furrowed.

He hadn't slept at all last night, and he had thought of various possibilities, including countless topics that might provoke the journalists.

However, he never expected these journalists to cause a fuss over such a small matter.

After all, the press conference schedule clearly stated the times for opening remarks, questions, and closing remarks.

It was still more than ten minutes before the question time started.

"Alright, since everyone wants to ask questions first, our Road Reform Bureau prioritizes people, so let's move the question time forward."

Wang Yongsan looked at the time and asked the audience, "Since everyone wants to ask questions now, let's start from now until half an hour later. Is that okay?"

The journalists below seemed victorious and started chattering again.

Their words were filled with irony towards Wang Yongsan.

It was the same female journalist who had asked the question earlier.


Chapter 416:
Holding the microphone, he loudly asked Wang Yongsan three times: "Commissioner Wang, could you please tell me, since your Road Reform Bureau takes it as its duty to uphold moral standards, then why did you resort to violence against people you deemed immoral? Isn't this act of breaking the law also considered immoral?"

The first question was like opening a can of worms.

However, Wang Yongsan had already thought about this issue before.

He smiled slightly and calmly said, "Miss, there is no doubt that violence is wrong. But I have always stated that I am prepared to accept punishment, and I have indeed been fined 500 yuan and compensated for medical expenses."

"As the saying goes, if not I, then who?"

"If violence can truly awaken society, even if it means being imprisoned, I have no complaints."

Wang Yongsan's words were firm and powerful.

Although his statement was somewhat exaggerated, his goal and determination to achieve it were undoubtedly genuine.

In one sentence, he not only admitted his mistake but also revealed his resolve.

The female reporter had never heard a leader admit their mistakes so frankly, and for a moment, she didn't know how to continue her confrontation.

"Haha, I hope you remember what you just said today."

She sat down awkwardly.

Immediately, someone else stood up.

"Commissioner Wang, there are reports that you are a recipient of the Republic Medal. As far as I know, those who receive this medal have made significant contributions to the country or its people. Could you please tell us what great contribution you made to receive this medal?"

This question was relatively simple.

Wang Yongsan replied casually, "I'm sorry, this matter involves state secrets, and I cannot disclose any information."

The male reporter was a bit dissatisfied.

Having one question blocked, he quickly moved on to another topic.

"Then, Commissioner Wang, why are you so keen on legalizing the modification of humans? Is it because there is a modified human in your family, or simply to seek fame?"

The word "family" held great significance for Wang Yongsan.

He disliked others discussing his family casually, especially when they tried to associate his family with negative topics.

As a result, Wang Yongsan suddenly disliked this reporter and the question he posed.

However, legalizing modified humans was also one of the tasks of the Labor Reform Bureau, so he still answered.

"Sir, first of all, I must tell you that modified humans are still human. Among them, there are good and bad people as well.

There is no modified human in my family, but one of my friends was unfortunately injected with genetic modification serum.

She is upright and the most justice-driven person I have ever met.

Her transformation into a modified human was due to her duty while on official business, when she was harmed by lawbreakers.

An individual who contributes positively to society becomes a modified human due to the actions of others, which is already unfortunate. As those who may have been helped by her in the past, if we look at them with prejudice and even deny them a legal identity, doesn't that make us cold-hearted?"

It is said that modified humans become more aggressive.

However, Wang Yongsan knew very well that this was not the case for everyone.

At least, his friend was an exception.

And he hoped that one day, modified humans would be treated equally and fairly by society.

After all, they were still human.


Chapter 417:
However, Wang Yongsan had seen many cyborgs but did not find this situation. Although there were also cyborgs who craved blood, how could ordinary people be any different? "Hehe, in the end, it's all because of your friend. In my opinion, the cyborg friend you mentioned should be your girlfriend, right?" As soon as the male reporter's words left his mouth, he felt that the surroundings suddenly became extremely hot. "Aahh! It's so hot, it's burning me up, what's going on? I'm dying from the heat, help..." He frantically slapped at his face, making a loud slapping sound, and rolled back and forth on the ground like he had gone mad. The people around him were confused, thinking that he had a mental breakdown and quickly distanced themselves from him. Wang Yongsan's eyes flickered with a faint fiery light. This person first said something about his family and then mentioned his girlfriend. If not for the fact that there were too many people present, Wang Yongsan would have given him a good beating. However, even with others around, Wang Yongsan did not let him off. He had gathered fire elements to reach a temperature of fifty degrees Celsius, which could not produce flames but was more than enough to scald someone. Seeing that the other party had been scalded badly, Wang Yongsan finally let him go. Then, he slightly raised the corner of his mouth and coldly laughed at the reporters below the stage: "Dear journalists, when asking questions, please do so properly. Don't make arbitrary conclusions about things that don't exist, or you might end up like this friend here, suffering from divine punishment. That wouldn't be good." A wave of commotion swept through the audience below the stage. This was a blatant threat. The journalists didn't know what method Wang Yongsan used to make their colleague suffer so much, but they understood that the incident was definitely related to Wang Yongsan. Some people were afraid and quietly withdrew their planned questions, but there were also those who were not convinced or were desperate for fame. A young female journalist held a microphone with the logo of an entertainment website. Normally, she wouldn't have had the chance to ask questions at such an event, but now that many people were afraid of Wang Yongsan and didn't dare to ask questions, she seized the opportunity to step forward. "Director Wang, I want to ask you a question about your personal relationships. Is it true that you are involved with multiple women at the same time?" As soon as this question was asked, many journalists gave her thumbs up. Matters of personal relationships were the most eye-catching, especially since many journalists had done their homework and knew that Wang Yongsan indeed had ambiguous relationships with more than one girl. Many journalists believed that Wang Yongsan would refuse to answer, giving them the chance to fabricate and distort facts. 







Chapter 418:
Upon hearing Wang Yongsan refuse to answer the question, she couldn't help but let out a sigh.

In another classroom less than a hundred meters away from Luo Yusha, Lin Shishi was also watching the live broadcast using her mobile data. Unlike Luo Yusha's sigh, Lin Shishi couldn't help but laugh out loud.

"Wow, the school flower is actually giggling in secret."

"My goodness, Lin's smile is truly beautiful."

"I wonder what she found so amusing. If only she could smile for me once."

"I'd rather trade a month of my life to see the school flower smile at me."

"I'd trade two months for it."

"Forget you guys, you're underestimating the school flower. I'd trade a whole year for her smile."

"Damn, you're driving up the price."

"So what if I am? I won't let you get your way, so there!"

If it weren't for a teacher present in the classroom, several boys would have fought over Lin Shishi's smile.

On the other side,

Wang Yongsan's answer satisfied most of the journalists but not the young female reporter.

She wanted fame,

If he didn't even answer her question, how could she gain fame?

"Commissioner Wang, I believe having multiple romantic relationships is also a moral issue. Since your Morality Reform Bureau manages morality, this matter is indeed related to today's press conference."

The female reporter's words made sense.

Wang Yongsan considered it for a moment and realized she was right.

So he cleared his throat and replied earnestly,

"It's my fault. If I were involved with multiple women, it would indeed be considered a moral issue. However, I can confidently tell you that I, Wang Yongsan, am not involved with multiple women. Thank you."

Wang Yongsan answered very formally.

This made Luo Yusha happy.

As for Lin Shishi, after a brief moment of panic, she suddenly let out a long breath.

She leaned on the desk and whispered to herself, "Not involved with multiple women? So that means he's involved with three or maybe even four? Ah, what a fickle-minded man."

Wang Yongsan didn't know that despite his serious answer, which even the journalists believed, he still couldn't convince Lin Shishi.

There is a saying:

"You can never wake up someone who's pretending to sleep."

Right now, Lin Shishi is the one pretending to be asleep.

In the following time, several more people stood up to ask questions. Wang Yongsan had prepared for this the night before and easily dealt with the questioning session.

Next came the official announcement part.

Wang Yongsan first introduced the rights and responsibilities of the Morality Reform Bureau, then at the final stage, he announced the "New Moral Regulations."

The entire room fell silent, waiting to hear what these "New Moral Regulations" contained.

Wang Yongsan cleared his throat, took out the "Regulations" manuscript that Faxinan had arranged for him, and read it clearly.

"Regulations Article One: Anyone who violates the moral regulations will not be fined or imprisoned. Once violated, they will receive a whipping punishment."

"Article Two: Anyone who obstructs moral enforcement will be punished more severely, with double the whipping."

"Article Three: Anyone who obstructs rescue efforts such as firefighting, saving people, or disaster relief is considered a first-class moral degenerate. Depending on the situation, they will receive three to nine whippings."

```


Chapter 419:
```
“Article 4: For no special reason, obstructing public security management, such as police intervention, urban management enforcement, or traffic enforcement, shall result in a three-lash punishment.”

“Article 5: For no special reason, obstructing…”

As this was a live broadcast, the words spoken by Wang Yongsan were sent out simultaneously to the Western Wilderness Television Station and numerous large and small online live streaming programs.

Previously, Wang Yongsan's popularity was so high that his attention rating was pushed up significantly.

At this moment, the number of people watching this live broadcast was at least three to five million.

This was still because many people were in class.

At this moment, upon hearing Wang Yongsan read out the moral regulations one by one, many people immediately began to curse.

——This Wang Yongsan must be a dog of the ruling class.

——It is reasonable to be punished for obstructing fire rescue, disaster relief, etc. But what kind of conduct do those urban management personnel have? Do you not know that obstructing them also results in punishment?

——Also, what about traffic police? They arbitrarily issue fines, and when they see cargo vehicles or taxis, they find reasons to fine them.

——He is not unaware; he is pretending not to know, after all, he is now an official himself.

——Ah! This is mutual protection among officials; no one can escape it.

——Might as well not call him Wang Yongsan anymore; let's call him Recharge San (充值三).

——Trash Wang Yongsan, eat shit!

Some departments have such a bad reputation in society.

Wang Yongsan, being associated with them, also becomes unbearably stinky.

Wang Yongsan does not have a bullet screen in front of him, so he is unaware that so many people are cursing him. He continues to read this regulation at a leisurely pace:

“Article 9: It is forbidden to maliciously slander, insult, or make fun of heroes; it is also prohibited to maliciously alter history or make light of historical events. Violators will receive five lashes.”

“Article 10: It is forbidden to spread rumors or events that have not been confirmed. Violators will receive three lashes.”

“For all flogging punishments, if they cannot be completed at once, they can be saved for later execution.”

“For the elderly or young, or those with physical illnesses who cannot withstand even one lash, the severity of the flogging punishment may be reduced accordingly.”

Wang Yongsan spoke so much at once that he was a bit tired.

Taking a breath, he was met with another round of malicious cursing.

These people's points of contention are mainly that Wang Yongsan's moral regulations restrict their freedom of speech.

Some even think that history cannot be remembered without alteration.

If there were no exciting stories in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, and only the dull Records of the Three Kingdoms existed, then the Three Kingdoms might have long since been forgotten in history.

——It seems that the country is going to implement literary inquisition.

——Even speaking the truth is not allowed; this country is finished.

——The ones upstairs have brain tumors, I just diagnosed them.

——Information asymmetry; whatever the officials say is true. What is difficult to listen to may not be the truth. So, are all those unpleasant and malicious things the so-called honest words you can accept?

——The one upstairs has a brain tumor; I just diagnosed them too.

——Information is not on the same level; whatever officials say is true. What is difficult to listen to may not be the truth. So, are all those unpleasant and malicious things the so-called honest words you can accept?

——Some people are still living in a dream.

The debate above is quite intense.
```


Chapter 420:
Most people still have some resistance to Wang Yongsan's moral regulations, feeling that these regulations are more beneficial to law enforcement officers and those in power.

Especially the rule that prohibits private dissemination of information, which makes many people feel as if their mouths have been blocked.

However, when Wang Yongsan took a breath and continued to speak, the direction of the topic suddenly turned 180 degrees.








Wang Yongsan breathed a sigh of relief, then flipped over a piece of paper and read from the second chapter: "These ten rules are aimed at the general public, but law enforcement officers are also human beings and may make mistakes. Moreover, because they hold power in their hands, they are more likely to make mistakes than ordinary people."

"So, next, we have formulated the following rules specifically for law enforcement officers, including me and our colleagues from the Road Reform Bureau."

"Rule one: All law enforcement actions must be recorded on video from beginning to end."

"Two: If there is a law enforcement error, an apology must be requested from the other party. If the other party does not forgive, the law enforcement officer must receive a whipping punishment equivalent to the error."

"Three: ..."

Wang Yongsan spoke eloquently, reading one rule after another.

It was also ten rules, but they were formulated even more strictly than the previous ten, and the penalties were twice as severe.

The barrage on all major live broadcast platforms disappeared completely.

People watching TV also quieted down.

In the blink of an eye, Wang Yongsan had reached the last rule.

"Finally, I announce that the Road Reform Bureau accepts supervision from all citizens."

"Due to time constraints, our website is currently under preparation. At that time, everyone will be able to report social issues or lodge complaints against law enforcement officers directly through the website."

"Our website will adhere to a completely open principle, never practicing information censorship. As long as it is something everyone wants to know, we will definitely provide the most authentic answer."

"I hope that through our joint efforts at the Road Reform Bureau and among all citizens, we can build a better home for ourselves."

Applause erupted from the audience.

Although he ended with a few grandiose words, it could not hide the fact that several previous rules were biased towards the public.

If what Wang Yongsan said was true.

Then not only have people not been deprived of their freedom of speech, but they also have a more formal and official channel to release and obtain the most authentic information. This is much easier than sifting through a pile of information to distinguish between truth and falsehood.

Wang Yongsan pressed his hand down.

The applause from the audience finally subsided.

Many reporters only then realized that they had unconsciously started clapping their hands.

They were supposed to come here to find fault with Wang Yongsan.

How embarrassing.

Wang Yongsan cleared his throat and said into the microphone, "Finally, I want to take this opportunity to announce something here."

"Yesterday, when I first arrived in Western Wilderness, someone set up a checkpoint on an important road to intercept passing vehicles. After investigation, it was found that these people were simply acting recklessly and indulging in their power."

"I hereby announce that the Road Reform Bureau has issued a formal ultimatum to the Traffic Police Brigade and the Highway Administration."

[Note: The last line appears to be truncated, but I have translated it as much as possible based on the context provided.]


Chapter 421:
“Please have the leaders of both departments apologize to the entire city on various media platforms by eight o'clock tonight, and provide written guarantees until they are forgiven by the public.”

“Otherwise, our Road Reform Bureau will implement whipping penalties according to the ‘Moral Regulations’ just issued against the relevant personnel of both departments.”

Wow!!!

When these words came out, the whole country was shocked.

The first whip of this Road Reform Bureau was actually intended to fall on the traffic police and highway departments, which were also public offices?

Could this be true?

What about the saying that officials protect each other?

The Xixiang Television Station had an influence limited to Xixiang City, but various online media could be seen by people all over the country.

Wang Yongsan had finally calmed down for two days.

Just as he was about to get off the top trending list, he jumped back onto it in less than half a day.

—I'm flashing my waist because this turn is too fast.

—Second Company Commander, bring me my Italian… pasta, to entertain our allies.

—Brother, I've already pulled out my 40-meter long sword for 39 meters, and it's difficult to put it away.

—Brother Wang, could you please say the good stuff first? I almost couldn't help cursing you just now.

—Ah! Just looking at the comments, I know there are still many young people on the Internet. Look at me; I've never doubted Brother Xiao Wang's character.

In an instant, the wind direction changed dramatically.

Wang Yongsan had just been cursed for eating shit, but in the blink of an eye, he became Brother Wang and Director Wang.

But just like when he was being cursed before, the flattery now was also completely unknown to Wang Yongsan.

The press conference ended.

On the way back, Su Ming excitedly complimented Wang Yongsan: “Leader, you were really awesome just now.”

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly: “Is this already awesome? The really awesome part is yet to come.”

Su Ming's eyes lit up, and he leaned in and said: “Leader, are you really planning to move against the highway and traffic police?”

“Otherwise, what do you think I recruited so many reformed people back for? Am I not becoming a person who does nothing while holding an official position then?”

Wang Yongsan was full of confidence.

Just saying harsh words in front of so many people felt awesome—it was just one word: cool.

Moreover,

He wanted to be even cooler.

Opening his phone, the major news headlines were all about himself.

In the comments, most of them were saying he was awesome, but there were also a few who said it was just for show, and that after a couple of days, this matter would calm down on its own.

There were also comments from people in Xixiang, saying Wang Yongsan was seeking death.

The Zhou family had been operating in Xixiang for many years; to exaggerate, everything here, even the grass and trees, had the Zhou family's surname. A mere Road Reform Bureau could cause any waves?

Wang Yongsan simply laughed at this.

He had already been to the imperial court, and even stayed in a capital prison for eight or nine days. Now his value had doubled; how could he care about a small family in a fifth-tier city?

Just as he was thinking this, the phone in his hand suddenly rang.

It was an unfamiliar number.

Wang Yongsan glanced at it and still chose to answer.

“Hello?”

“Is this Mr. Wang?”

“I have the surname Wang, but it might not be the Mr. Wang you're looking for. Just say who you're looking for directly.”

On the other end of the phone, it was an old male voice that sounded a bit hoarse.


Chapter 422:
```
Wang Yongsan didn't think it was easy to meet such a person, and it was likely that he had the wrong number, so he answered indifferently.

The other side laughed twice.

Then replied: "I'm looking for you, Director Wang Yongsan."

"Huh? Who are you?"

Wang Yongsan didn't expect it to be looking for himself.

The other side said: "My surname is Zhou."

Wang Yongsan suddenly understood.

It was someone from the Zhou family.

He just didn't know if this Zhou family was here to ask for mercy or threaten himself.

"Zhou family?" Wang Yongsan asked again.

"I am Zhou Yitang, the current head of the Zhou family, and I would like to invite Director Wang to dinner to express my hospitality as a host."

On the other end of the phone was the head of the Zhou family.

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly and calmly said, "Mr. Zhou, I came here not to be a guest, so there is no need for the hospitality of the host."

"It was my mistake."

Zhou Yitang immediately changed his words: "At 7 o'clock tonight, at the West Wild Hotel, leaders from the city will also come over to welcome Director Wang. How can Director Wang not give face to Mr. Zhou and ignore the friendship of colleagues?"

The Zhou family's invitation to dinner must not be a good thing.

However, although Wang Yongsan had not reached the level of breaking acupoints and could not defeat real masters.

But in the small West Wild, he didn't believe anyone could trap himself.

At this thought, Wang Yongsan smiled slightly: "Okay, I will be there on time at 7 o'clock tonight."








After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan let out a cold laugh.

Su Ming was sitting in the front seat and heard it clearly. At this time, he turned his head and asked:

"Leader, is the Zhou family inviting you to dinner?"

Wang Yongsan nodded: "That's right, he said his name is Zhou Yitang and he is the current head of the Zhou family."

Zhou Yitang's reputation in West Wild was almost known by everyone.

He was ruthless and did whatever it took to achieve his goals. Half of the Zhou family's reputation was fought by him.

When Su Ming heard it was him, he quickly advised: "Leader, tonight's meal might be an ambush."

"So what if it is?"

Wang Yongsan sneered: "I am not the Emperor Liu, and he Zhou Yitang is not the King Xiang. Even if he wants to harm me, he has to see if he has the ability."

Wang Yongsan was right.

If Zhou Yitang really had the ability to harm him, he wouldn't need to invite him to dinner together.

At this moment,

In the Zhou family's villa.

Zhou Yitang and his second brother Zhou Yiming were sitting opposite each other.

"Big Brother, we can't let Xiaojin's revenge go unavenged. If we let this kid become popular, it will be a slap in the face of our Zhou family."

Speaking was his second brother Zhou Yiming, also the father of Zhou Jin.

Zhou Yitang picked up his teacup, took a sip, and said with a gloomy expression: "I know what you're saying, but now is not the time to act."

"Not yet?"

Zhou Yiming shouted: "He just came here and hasn't established his footing yet. If we don't take care of him now, it will be too late when he develops further."

Zhou Yitang shook his head: "You don't understand, this kid has an agreement with Chen Tianlong. Chen Tianlong will protect him for a month, and there are still eight days left. During this time, we can't move him. Otherwise, if he is killed by Chen Tianlong's people as thieves, we won't even have a place to reason."

```
Note: The original text appears to be incomplete at the end, so I have translated it up to that point. If there is more text available, please provide it for a complete translation.
```


Chapter 423:
Chen Tianlong is synonymous with unreasonable behavior.

Even when faced with him, Xingqi Bank behaved obediently and dared not cause trouble, only daring to find Wang Yongsan's troubles after a month. How much more so the small Zhou family?

"But, you don't have to invite him to dinner either, and contact so many leaders." Zhou Yitian frowned and said.

Zhou Yitang laughed: "Second brother, do you think I am a reckless person?"

Zhou Yitian shook his head.

His eldest brother, seemingly rough, actually had more scheming in his belly than the two of them combined.

Zhou Yitang continued: "This kid is valued by Old Zhu, if we want to deal with him, even if we do it without a trace, it will definitely make Old Zhu suspicious, and may affect our Zhou family. But if we can get him to go along with it, let Old Zhu be disappointed in him, then even if he dies, Old Zhu may not seriously investigate."

"An old ghost who has retired, what is there to be afraid of?" Zhou Yiming said disdainfully.

"Retired? That's just what you think."

Zhou Yitang shook his head and stopped talking.

A day passed in the blink of an eye.

At seven o'clock in the evening.

Wang Yongsan's Mercedes-Benz car stopped at the entrance of Xihang Hotel on time.

Uncle Li went to park the car,

Su Ming was afraid that Wang Yongsan would need something, and he didn't go home directly, but followed him here. He was also stopped by Wang Yongsan in the car.

Wang Yongsan walked into the restaurant alone.

"Hello, sir, do you have..."

As soon as Wang Yongsan entered the restaurant door, the reception girl greeted him with a smile and asked.

But halfway through her words, she recognized the person who came.

"Ah, it's Director Wang, I'm sorry, I didn't recognize you just now?"

The reception girl apologized repeatedly.

Xihang Hotel is named after the city, and it used to be a guest house for leaders in the city.

The receptionists here must recognize all the big figures in the city, including the names and appearances of officials.

If you mistakenly recognize someone or don't recognize someone who should know, you will be fined.

Wang Yongsan waved his hand and said with a smile: "It's okay, just tell me where the room is."

The reception girl was relieved and pointed to the stairs and said: "It's on the second floor, you go up from here, turn right at the end of the corridor, that's it."

"Thank you."

Wang Yongsan thanked him and went upstairs to the private room.

As soon as he entered the door,

Everyone in the house stood up immediately.

Zhou Yitang was sitting at the position facing the door, and he stood up last and welcomed with a smile: "Director Wang, I often see you on the news, this is the first time I have seen a real person, it really is a hero when he was young."

"Yes, I am less than twenty years old as the director, when I was twenty years old, I was still taking the civil service examination."

"Bullshit, there are a few people in the whole country who can be the director before the age of twenty."

"I'm afraid there is only Director Wang alone."

The people in the room, one after another, flattered him.

Wang Yongsan looked around and recognized at a glance that these people who were flattering were all sitting in the positions of three guests.

And those sitting in front are not too enthusiastic.

A deputy accompany Wang Yongsan, smiling and said: "Director Wang, let me introduce the leaders here to you, this is..."


Chapter 424:
Wang Yongsan raised his hand to interrupt him.

"Thank you, but there's no need for an introduction."

Wang Yongsan also wore a sweet smile on his face and said, "I heard that in our circle, the rise and fall happen quickly. Who knows if after tonight's meal, there will be a few less of us tomorrow? My face is blind; it's hard for me to remember someone. What if they were eliminated the next day? It would be quite hurtful emotionally."

Wang Yongsan spoke with a smile, as if he were very amiable.

However, the content of his words was not pleasing to hear.

Enemies' friends are also enemies.

These people were mixed up with the Zhou family, which meant they stood on the opposite side of Wang Yongsan.

Since they were already enemies, why be polite?

"Director Wang, don't you think that's a bit too much?"

At the lower position, a fat official with glasses frowned and said.

Wang Yongsan still had the same smiling expression and jokingly said, "Really? I'm just telling the truth. If you don't believe me, take a look."

Wang Yongsan pointed at a dish on the dining table and asked, "Is this dish made of pangolin scales? I saw a similar news report the other day. It seems that this is a protected animal prohibited from hunting by the state. We are all officials, gathering here to eat a protected animal; isn't that too much?"

The people present were used to eating such wild delicacies.

They didn't pay much attention at first, but they were caught by Wang Yongsan.

The vice host laughed awkwardly and said, "I'm sorry, Director Wang. We really haven't paid much attention to this. Today is Mr. Zhou's treat. Please give us some face. If you don't like it, we can remove this dish, okay?"

Wang Yongsan turned his head and looked at him.

He smiled and said, "Speaking of Mr. Zhou, I have another question. You are officials, and he is a businessman. Sitting together for dinner, aren't you afraid of being talked about outside?"

These words made everyone feel uncomfortable.

Some people thought, aren't you also an official? And didn't you come to the banquet too?

Since you have already arrived, why act so hypocritically?

Wang Yongsan's smile was quite misleading. Although everyone present felt that what he said was awkward, they thought it was just his personality and didn't expect him to deliberately find fault.

Only Mr. Zhou understood the enmity between the two and knew what Wang Yongsan meant.








As the saying goes, police and bandits do not stand together.

Wang Yongsan's Department of Moral Reform had the authority to manage everyone present on an ethical level, similar to a supervisory department.

If it were known that they had dined together, even if nothing happened, trouble would arise.

Therefore, today, Wang Yongsan could not sit down no matter what.

"It seems Director Wang has no intention of giving face to Mr. Zhou."

Zhou Yitang saw through Wang Yongsan's thoughts, understood that he had seen through his conspiracy, and his tone became unfriendly.

Wang Yongsan had the ability to see Qi, and he had already seen that Zhou Yitang was at the peak of the Conduit realm.

However, this cultivation level was nothing in his eyes.

"Face is earned by oneself, not given by others." Wang Yongsan sneered and said.

When their eyes met, one was filled with malice and ruthlessness, while the other was confident and arrogant.

The people around them didn't know the enmity between the two and saw that things had escalated to this point; they all stepped forward to mediate.

```

Note: Due to the length of the text, some names and expressions may not have been translated perfectly. Please refer to the original Chinese text for accuracy.


Chapter 425:
"Mr. Zhou, please calm down. Director Wang is young and it's normal for him to have a temper."

"Yes, he just became the director and hasn't experienced any setbacks yet. It's understandable that he has a proud attitude."

"Young Wang, everyone is just here for dinner. It's not like we're doing anything illegal. As long as you have a clear conscience, why bother about other people's malicious speculations?"

"Exactly. In today's society, there are so many ignorant people. Even if you have clean hands and an honest heart, they'll still call you a bloodsucker."

One person after another spoke up, all criticizing Wang Yongsan's behavior.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but smirk inwardly.

As the saying goes, different paths lead to different destinations; one cannot walk together with those who think differently. This situation was a perfect example of that.

Wang Yongsan scanned the faces around him, committing them to memory.

Then he said, "Everyone, living in a group means you cannot only concern yourself with your own conscience and ignore what others think of you. That would be deceiving oneself and being selfish, especially for us officials. In the eyes of the public, we are a collective. If one person causes a negative impact, it will reflect on all of us in the official circle."

"Why have we lost the trust of the people?"

"It's because of thoughts like yours. You only see a part of the ignorant masses but fail to realize that most people have discerning eyes."

Wang Yongsan's words were harsh.

He couldn't bring down all the officials, so he had to try and change their thinking as much as possible.

However, these people were not so easily persuaded.

Especially the person who had been sitting in the main guest seat all along.

Sitting on his chair with his head held high, looking at Wang Yongsan, he coldly said, "Director Wang's words are too much. If someone really makes a mistake, there is the law to punish them. It's not up to you to lecture us."

Wang Yongsan chuckled.

He asked, "And who might you be?"

The main guest tilted his head and replied coldly, "I'm Li Ronghui."

"Oh, so you are the second-in-command of the city. My apologies for not recognizing you earlier."

Wang Yongsan nodded politely, but the smile on his face vanished abruptly.

He said sternly, "Mayor Li might not be familiar with our Morality Reform Bureau. In simple terms, all actions that are detrimental to society and the public are moral issues. Those that can be dealt with by law will be handled accordingly, while those that fall outside the legal realm will be managed by us."

"I advise you all not to cross me, or with your pampered bodies, I'm afraid a single whip will kill you."

After saying this, Wang Yongsan turned and left.

"Damn it, this brat is too arrogant!"

"A department that was just randomly created and doesn't even have personnel equipped—I don't believe he can make any real trouble."

"No wonder Mr. Zhou wanted to give him a warning earlier; he needed to be taught a lesson."

"Mayor Li, Mr. Zhou, this brat's arrogance is not a good sign for us."

Zhou Yitang's face was dark.

He thought that by setting a trap for Wang Yongsan, as long as he sat down and had dinner, even if nothing was accomplished, Zhou could go out and fabricate whatever he wanted.

But who would have thought that the other party wouldn't even sit down and instead, with just a few words, would anger everyone present.


Chapter 426:
And besides, because of Chen Tianlong's existence, he couldn't even teach Wang Yongsan a lesson.

Zhou Yitang didn't know that today, fortunately he hesitated because of Chen Tianlong and did not make a move.

Otherwise, once he made a move, Wang Yongsan would definitely cripple him.

Walking out of the door, Wang Yongsan called Uncle Li.

In less than two minutes, a Mercedes-Benz drove up to the front door of the hotel.

Su Ming got out from the co-pilot seat and respectfully walked up to open the door.

Wang Yongsan frowned and said, "Isn't it unnecessary? I can open the door myself."

Su Ming pinched his nose awkwardly and said, "I'm used to it."

Wang Yongsan had no temper.

He got into the car.

Su Ming curiously asked, "Leader, why did you come down so soon? Didn't you eat?"

Wang Yongsan said, "I didn't plan to come over for dinner."

"Then why did you come? Weren't you here to scold people?" Su Ming was full of doubts.

He guessed half right.

Wang Yongsan came over today, initially wanting to meet Zhou Yitang, the head of the Zhou family, and test his strength.

On the other hand, he wanted to say a few words to make them uncomfortable.

These people blocked the road on his first day of work, and even used the warehouse as an office. Wang Yongsan was not someone who would repay good with evil.

"Alright, don't talk about these things anymore. It's almost eight o'clock now. Call Team One and Team Two to get ready for action."

Wang Yongsan divided the twenty-three reformed people into three teams, with seven to eight people in each team.

"Leader, are you really going to arrest someone?"

Su Ming came today to see if Wang Yongsan really dared to move those people.

When he heard Wang Yongsan say that they were going to act, his heart became excited.

Wang Yongsan snorted and said, "What are you talking about? I've already said it. If I let them off easily in front of the entire nation, wouldn't that be slapping my own face? Am I still going to do my job in the future?"

"But do we have to be so quick? Maybe the highway and traffic police over there are already preparing to apologize."

Su Ming whispered hesitantly.

Although he was very nervous earlier, thinking that after arresting the traffic police leader, he might take his place.

But when it came to taking action, he became worried again.

After all, there was the Zhou family.

Now that the Wang Yongsan and the Zhou family could restrain each other, but once Wang Yongsan took action first, the Zhou family might follow suit out of face.

They dared not easily move Wang Yongsan, but they might take him, this follower, as a scapegoat.

"Little Su, fortune is sought in danger. Whether you can seize this opportunity depends on your own choice."

After Wang Yongsan finished saying this, he closed his eyes to rest.

He knew that Su Ming was a smart person and would know how to choose.

Sure enough, Su Ming hesitated for less than a minute before gritting his teeth and dialing the phone.

"Hello, Team One's Tian team leader? The leader asked you to go to the traffic police station and arrest the designated personnel. Also, contact Team Two's Lin team leader and ask her to go to the highway administration bureau. By tomorrow morning, all the people must be arrested and detained. Understand?"

"Yes."

A clear and resolute voice came from the other end of the phone, answering firmly.








[Second Update]

That night.


Chapter 427:
Sixteen reformed humans belonging to the Virtue Bureau, divided into four groups of four, set off in search of their respective targets.

At the traffic police captain's house, four reformed humans knocked on the door and then burst into the house.

One of them held a camera device, while the other three were responsible for apprehending people.

"What are you doing? I am Traffic Police Captain Wu Guang Hui. Who dares to arrest me?"

Wu Guang Hui was playing mahjong, threw his tiles on the table, and glared at them angrily.

A Virtue Bureau employee took out his newly issued work badge, showed it briefly, and then said coldly: "Virtue Bureau business. If there is resistance or obstruction of justice, double the whipping punishment will be applied."

"Go to your Virtue Bureau. You are trespassing into a private residence. Do you have an arrest warrant? I'm going to sue you!"

Wu Guang Hui shouted angrily.

Usually, the people who entered his house brought various gifts and wore flattering smiles, bending over in a submissive manner.

Today, these people broke down the door and entered, which made him feel very uncomfortable.

One of the reformed humans said: "I'm sorry, our Virtue Bureau focuses on facts rather than procedures. Arrest warrants don't exist for us."

"No arrest warrant means arbitrary detention. What if you arrest the wrong person? Can you bear the consequences?"

Wu Guang Hui threatened fiercely.

His wife also helped by pulling at them and said, "Brothers, let's talk about this calmly."

As she spoke, she stuffed red envelopes into their hands.

The couple played good cop/bad cop.

However, the Virtue Bureau people didn't fall for it.

If they dared to take money, not only would the money be confiscated, but they would also receive double whipping punishment and be dismissed from their positions.

There are no secrets in the world, and no one wants to lose their job and be punished for such a small benefit.

"Don't talk nonsense with them, take him away!"

One of the reformed humans pushed Wu Guang Hui's wife aside and grabbed her.

The other two quickly caught Wu Guang Hui by the arms and carried him out.

The physique of a reformed human, even in human form, is much stronger than before.

Wu Guang Hui was taken away without any resistance.

At the same time, similar incidents were happening in other places.

Several involved personnel and leaders from the Highway Bureau and Traffic Police were all visited by reformed humans.

"Virtue Bureau business, anyone who dares to obstruct will be taken away!"

"I only recognize the public security and procuratorate, who gives you the right to arrest people?"

"The leaders in power gave it."

"Nonsense, show me the evidence first. Otherwise, no one can take me away today!"

"We'll show you the evidence when we get there. Take him away!"

This night was chaotic to say the least.

The four groups didn't just arrest one person each; they arrested one and then moved on to the next.

From 8 pm until 11 pm, at least nineteen involved personnel were arrested.

Someone called the police during this time, and when the public security officers arrived at the scene to obstruct them, a fight broke out, and even some of the public security officers were arrested by the Virtue Bureau people.

The arrestors were arrested, which was quite embarrassing.


Chapter 428:
Nowadays, people sleep late; at eight or nine o'clock in the evening, there is hardly anyone who goes to bed. The video of the Morality Bureau arresting people was uploaded at night, and it immediately sparked a new wave of attention.

"Wow, the Morality Bureau really means what they say!"

"It's only just after eight o'clock in the evening, and they immediately come to arrest people; they are really swift in their actions!"

"Pfft, I'll tell you what, although they have arrested people, it doesn't mean they will punish them; it's all just for show."

"I dare you, upstairs, to make a bet; I say Director Wang will definitely punish them."

"I agree with upstairs; let's bet on a pack of spicy noodles!"

"I'll also bet on a pack; Director Wang, that hot-headed young man, will definitely give them a good scolding."

Those who enjoy watching the chaos don't mind if things get bigger.

On the other hand, some people are filled with fear and trepidation.

They initially thought that the Morality Bureau was just doing some superficial work, creating a buzz and gaining fame, but then they would calm down. However, they didn't expect that not only would the Morality Bureau not calm down, but they would even arrest people from the public security department.

Those people have guns in their hands; how dare the Morality Bureau arrest them? They are too audacious!

In short, it was an exciting night.

As for Wang Yongsan, the initiator of this event, he slept soundly until dawn.

The next day,

Wang Yongsan woke up from the large bed in the hotel, washed up, and while eating breakfast, he browsed through the news on his phone.

"I can't believe people stayed up all night, making such a big deal out of it?"

Wang Yongsan didn't expect that by asking people to arrest someone at night, he would be trying not to draw too much attention.

It's not that he was afraid of gaining fame; it's because if things were too high-profile, it would alert the prey, and some people hadn't been caught yet, so they might escape.

However, it seems that even in the darkness of night, it cannot conceal the brilliance of the Morality Bureau.

Vibration…

The phone rang.

"Hello, Xiaosu (Little Su)."

"Leader, we've arrested all the people last night; since it was too late, I didn't report to you. What should we do next?"

On the phone, Su Ming spoke with excitement suppressed in his voice.

Among those arrested were his captain and two deputy captains.

In the past, he was always the one being instructed; sometimes, when things went wrong, he would even be scolded.

But today, the roles have been reversed.

Just now, their captain even begged him for mercy, asking him to persuade Wang Yongsan to show leniency. That appearance was almost like kneeling down to him.

However, Su Ming wasn't stupid; he wouldn't say a good word for them at this time.

Wang Yongsan stuffed a steamed bun filled with mushroom and meat into his mouth, chewed it twice casually, and swallowed it.

Only then did he say, "Didn't we agree yesterday? At nine o'clock in the morning, we will carry out the punishment at the square in front of the municipal building. Just follow what was agreed upon."

"Alright, then I'll start preparing to take them there. Is there anything else you need me to do?"

"No, you go ahead and busy yourself."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan quickly swallowed the remaining three steamed buns.

Then he went downstairs, sat in his Mercedes-Benz, and headed towards the municipal building.

Upon arriving at the location,

Wang Yongsan was shocked by what he saw.

The square in front of the municipal building was filled with people; it was a sea of heads.

It happened to be the weekend today, and these bored citizens, instead of going sightseeing or taking their children out to play, all gathered here, waiting to watch the Morality Bureau carry out its punishment.

"Look, that's Director Wang's car!"


Chapter 429:
"Commissioner Wang is here. "

"Hurry up and rush over to stop him, don't let him escape. "

A crowd of people rushed towards the Mercedes-Benz car.

Half of these individuals were holding microphones, and half had cameras on their shoulders; they were all members of the media.

Wang Yongsan keenly noticed that among them was even a reporter from the national television station.

"Go, Uncle Li, drive quickly, don't let them stop us," Wang Yongsan urged anxiously.

He hadn't prepared any answers for the reporters last night, fearing that they would ask about some trivial matters again. If he couldn't come up with a response, it would be embarrassing.

However, the reporters had already rushed over, and before Uncle Li could even put the car in reverse, they had surrounded the Mercedes-Benz densely, making it impossible to leave.








"Commissioner Wang, is it true that you will be implementing caning today?"

"In our country's criminal law, there is no mention of caning. Is this a punishment you have established on your own?"

"Did you obtain approval from your superiors?"

"Is your method of punishment in accordance with the law?"

"Your..."

Before Wang Yongsan could even get out of the car, these reporters had already surrounded the window and started shouting questions.

With no choice left, Wang Yongsan had to get out of the car.

As soon as he opened the door, the reporters around him quickly made way for him.

"Commissioner Wang, could you answer a few questions for us? We heard that today you will be punishing those who violate the 'Dao Rules' with caning. Is this true?"

Wang Yongsan glanced at his phone and replied, "Fellow members of the media, I already mentioned everything during yesterday's press conference. Everything I said was approved by my superiors and is legally binding."

"I don't want to repeat myself any further. It's almost time for the punishment to be carried out, so please make some space for us. We at the Dao Reform Bureau will demonstrate through action that we are serious about implementing caning."

The reporters there were planning to ask more questions, but before Wang Yongsan could get angry, the crowd erupted in discontent.

Everyone had come to watch the spectacle, but now that the main character was being blocked by reporters and bombarded with questions, they were unwilling to wait.

Time is money, after all.

They certainly didn't want to wait for the reporters to finish their inquiries.

"Reporters, get out of the way and let Commissioner Wang through!"

"Everyone, please help and drive these reporters away."

In an instant, a group of hundreds of people gathered around. Some pushed and shoved, some pulled, while others simply picked up the reporters and carried them to the side.

In the blink of an eye, a two-meter wide passage was cleared in the square, with one end at Wang Yongsan's feet and the other leading to the center of the square where the punishment area was located.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but marvel at the power of the masses.

As he walked to the center of the square, 19 out of the 23 reformed individuals were each holding a "moral offender" captive.

Seeing Wang Yongsan, these people were completely intimidated.

"Commissioner Wang, is there some misunderstanding here?"

"We were also following our superiors' orders; we didn't intentionally give you a hard time."

Surrounded by such a large crowd, even if they didn't get whipped, their faces would still be disgraced. They were all begging for mercy incessantly.


Chapter 430:
Prince Wen Yongsan smiled slightly: “What you mean is that someone instructed you? You follow orders, right?”

“Yes, yes, yes. As public servants, following orders is our duty.”

Several directors and team leaders, deputy directors and deputy team leaders all nodded repeatedly.

In their view, Prince Wen Yongsan might not have expected the situation to escalate this far. The reason he was asking now was actually to find a way out for both sides.

However, they had no understanding of Prince Wen Yongsan.

Prince Wen Yongsan smiled even more cheerfully and asked these people, “Then tell me, who gave you the order? If I confirm it is true, I will release all of you immediately.”

“This…”

Everyone looked at each other and couldn't answer.

The person who asked them for help was the patriarch of the Zhou family. They couldn't possibly say that they were helping a businessman for money, right?

“Come on, who can tell me who gave the order? The first to speak will be deemed innocent. After that, it won't count anymore.”

Prince Wen Yongsan continued to incite these people.

Compared to these small fish, he was more eager to catch a big one.

However, the prestige of the Zhou family in Western Wilderness was indeed impressive.

Prince Wen Yongsan asked three times, but no one dared to betray Zhou Yitang.

“Since you can't say it, don't blame me for using torture.”

Prince Wen Yongsan's eyes turned cold, and he shouted at the modified humans beside him: “Start executing.”

Finally, it began.

The spectators were all excited.

The first person to be executed was the director of highways, who was pushed to the ground. Two modified humans pressed him down and tied his arms to a special device, making his back face the sky, waiting for the beating.

“Qu Xiaodou, Director of Highways in Western Wilderness City, for serious dereliction of duty, causing hundreds of vehicles to be stuck on the road, with extremely bad social impact.”

“The Morality Bureau determines that Qu Xiaodou should be punished with three lashes as a warning.”

“Execute.”

Prince Wen Yongsan gave the order, and immediately a modified human holding a whip stepped forward.

This kind of whip was different from an ordinary whip. It was about five meters long and had weights attached to it. Depending on the gender and age of the person being punished, there were one-kilogram whips, three-kilogram whips, and the heaviest five-kilogram whips.

In Old Home Hill now, machines were used to deliver the whips.

However, Prince Wen Yongsan couldn't get his hands on such a machine, so he had to rely on humans to carry out the punishment.

“Don't! Don't! I was wrong! I know I'm guilty! Don't hit me! My body is not good, and I can't stand the pain. It will kill me!”

The director of highways cried and shouted.

A five-meter-long whip, as thick as two fingers, if it hit once, it would really be fatal.

However, no one listened to him.

“First lash.”

The modified human holding the whip reported the number and then swung it fiercely.

“Pa.”

The sound was crisp, and it made people shiver all over.

Qu Xiaodou almost fainted from fright.

He screamed, “Ah!” and suddenly realized that there was no feeling on his back.

“Uh… sorry, I missed.”

The modified human who executed the punishment felt a little embarrassed and explained.

With such a long whip, it was already impressive to be able to swing it. To hit the target accurately was indeed not easy.


Chapter 431:
Wang Yongsan waved his hand: "It's okay, that whip doesn't count. Let's start over."

Huh?

Start over?

The highway director who was lying on the torture device became unhappy.

Although he didn't get hit just now, his mind had suffered tremendous trauma. At this moment, even his pants were wet due to urination. As a result, with just one sentence saying "start over", everything was dismissed?

"I protest! I protest!"

"The protest is invalid. Continue with the punishment."

The cyborg only listened to Wang Yongsan's orders. He raised the whip and struck again.

A 'pa' sound echoed.

Qu Xiaodou tensed up, ready for the whip to land on her body, but after the sound rang out, it was once again off target.

These people were almost scared to death.

Don't play with others like this.

"Director, why don't we change someone? It seems I don't have the talent for whipping."

The executing cyborg felt a bit guilty.

Wang Yongsan said, "It's okay. Practice slowly. You will get used to it after whipping more. From now on, you will be the one executing this kind of whip punishment. This way, there won't be any inconsistency in strength when someone else executes it and people will not say we are unfair."

Encouraged by Wang Yongsan, the cyborg continued with the punishment.

However, his whipping talent could be described as negative. Not only did he not become more skilled with each whip, but it became increasingly off target.

Ten whips in a row, not one hit the mark.

This made Qu Xiaodou suffer greatly.

Originally, enduring three whips would have been bearable if one gritted their teeth. But now her teeth were almost crushed, yet the other party hadn't hit even once.

The feeling of being unable to live or die was truly tormenting.








"What's going on? Not even one hit? Are you doing this intentionally?"

"Exactly. If you're going to hit, then hit. If not, say so. With all these people watching, are you playing with us?"

The crowd surrounding the scene was unhappy.

Ten whips in a row, all off target. Even Wang Yongsan doubted whether his subordinate was intentionally watering down the punishment.

"Give it here. I'll do it myself."

Wang Yongsan grabbed the whip and swung it out with a 'pa' sound.

However,

This time not only was it off target, but the strength was also problematic.

The 'pa' sound produced by the whip in mid-air, when it landed on the ground, had lost most of its force.

It seems that Wang Yongsan, who possessed physical coordination abilities, couldn't handle this task either. It demonstrated that whipping indeed required considerable skill.

"Uh...Elders, do any of you know how to use this whip? Could you please help out?"

Wang Yongsan asked the crowd.

All his subordinates were incapable of whipping. Continuing further would only be a waste of time. It was better to directly find someone skilled and hire them to specialize in whipping for such occasions.

Unfortunately,

Wang Yongsan had caught all officials today.

The common people detested and cursed the officials, and when they saw them in trouble, they all gathered around to watch the spectacle.

However, if they were asked to hit an official themselves, they wouldn't dare do it.

Wang Yongsan asked for a long time but no one stepped forward.

With no choice,

Wang Yongsan could only seek help online.

["Are there any skilled whip users from the Western Wilderness? Online waiting, urgent."]

["Highway Directorate urgently seeks executors. Requirements: physically strong, skilled in whipping, monthly salary 10,000, interested parties please contact us."]


Chapter 432:
A string of two messages was sent out.

It has to be said that when they saw the monthly salary of one thousand, someone immediately stood up, and three people came out at once.

Among them, one person happened to be on the scene. However, when Wang Yongsan asked for help just now, he did not stand up.

Wang Yongsan handed the whip to him and asked him to try his skills first.

As a result, with one whip, blood splattered everywhere.

Qu Xiaodou had been frightened ten times before. He thought that this time would be the same as before and would not hit himself, so he was not on guard at all.

When he felt a great force coming from his back, he knew something was wrong.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

The square echoed with the sound of a pig being slaughtered. It was extremely tragic.

When the spectators saw the blood and heard the "sound of a pig being slaughtered," they all clenched their fists and tensed up.

Wang Yongsan laughed loudly: "Okay, with this strength, continue whipping; there are two more strokes left."

With money in hand, one does the work.

This person whipped again, and with a 'snap', it hit Zheng Zhong's target once more.

Two whips—just two whips.

Qu Xiaodou's back was already completely mangled.

Two bloodstains as thick as thumbs ran from top to bottom on his back, and the flesh on both sides of the bloodstains was rolled up.

This time he didn't scream because he had passed out.

"Change someone; remember, Qu Xiaodou still has one whip left. After her body recovers, give it to her later."

Wang Yongsan ordered.

Qu Xiaodou was carried away, and then someone else stepped forward.

Seeing Qu Xiaodou's tragic state, this person cried so much that his nose ran. He looked pitiful, but Wang Yongsan knew that such a person was not worth pitying.

"Wu Guang Hui, captain of the traffic police team, neglects his duties, abuses his power for personal gain, and commits serious dereliction of duty, causing the roadblock on the day before yesterday. Moreover, during his arrest, there was a bribery incident involving our personnel."

"The Road Reform Bureau decides to punish Wu Guang Hui with six whips as a warning to others."

"Execute immediately!"

Wu Guang Hui was stunned.

Six whips? Wasn't it three?

It's just stuffing a red envelope; you don't have to accept it. You even exposed the matter and increased the punishment.

Who would dare give you a red envelope in the future?

In fact, what Wang Yongsan wanted was this effect.

He didn't want to accept bribes from others, nor did he want his subordinates to be tempted by such offers.

So, he wanted to make an example of these people and let those who like bribery see that if you give money but don't get what you want, sometimes it might not just be a slap in the face; you could also get beaten up.

Snap, snap, snap.

Three consecutive whips, and Wu Guang Hui also passed out.

"Next one, Sun Da Zhu."

One moral offender after another was dragged up, receiving either two or three whips each.

The most resilient one managed to endure four whips before passing out.

Wang Yongsan shook his head.

In Singapore, someone could withstand seven or eight whips without fainting.

These people fainted after just two or three whips, which only showed that they had been pampered for too long and were physically weak.

China's first whip punishment caused a huge sensation on the internet and in society.

Many people praised it.

Many of those who previously thought Wang Yongsan was just putting on a show and would only make a lot of noise but do little, also shut up.


Chapter 433:
Even some people initiated a vote, wanting to establish a Dao Reform Bureau in their own city. However, such matters would not be successful just because people voted for it.

The caning had come to a perfect end.

After watching the spectacle, people started leaving one after another.

Wang Yongsan was once again surrounded by reporters who asked him all sorts of questions.

On the television, Zhou Yitang sat in the living room of his villa with a gloomy expression on his face.

Beside him, his younger brother Zhou Yiming urged anxiously, "Elder Brother, we can't wait any longer. This young man is impulsive and does things without considering the consequences. If we keep waiting, he might cause even more trouble. That would pose a great challenge to our Zhou family's prestige."

How could Zhou Yitang not know this?

Today, Wang Yongsan seemed to be whipping those traffic police and highway officials, but in the eyes of some insiders, he was actually slapping Zhou Yitang's face.

If this matter ended like this, or even if it was dealt with a few days later, it would cause Zhou Yitang's prestige and that of the Zhou family to plummet.

"Sigh!"

Zhou Yitang sighed deeply, "Second Brother, I'm more anxious than you are, but this matter requires careful consideration."

"Elder Brother, what exactly are you afraid of? We're not going to do it openly. We just need to find someone to kill him secretly, and there won't be any problems."

Zhou Yiming spoke boldly, not knowing the danger he was in.

"What do you know?"

Zhou Yitang's expression darkened. "I already contacted Kuli, the president of Xingqi Bank, earlier. He has a grudge against Wang Yongsan that's not any smaller than ours, and I suggested we work together to kill Wang Yongsan. But do you know what he said?"

"He disagreed?"

Zhou Yiming frowned.

Zhou Yitang nodded and sighed, "Even Xingqi Bank has to endure it. Why can't our Zhou family?"

Xingqi Bank was an international power.

Even if Kuli was just a branch president, the resources he could mobilize were far greater than those of the Zhou family.

At this moment, when Zhou Yitang and Zhou Yiming were feeling helpless and had no idea what to do, the butler of the villa suddenly rushed in.

"Master, Second Master, there's a guest here."

"Who is it?" Zhou Yitang asked coldly.

"He didn't say who he was, but he told me to inform you about the word 'Blood Skull'. You would know who it is then," the butler said cautiously.








Upon hearing the word 'Blood Skull', both Zhou Yitang and Zhou Yiming's eyes lit up.

The Zhou family had a connection with Blood Skull, but few people knew about it.

Apart from Zhou Jian, only Zhou Yitang and his two brothers knew about it.

Others not only didn't know the relationship between the Zhou family and Blood Skull, but many of them also didn't even know what Blood Skull was.

"Where is he?" Zhou Yitang asked.

Before the butler could speak, a black figure walked in from behind him.

"I'm here."

The person was dressed in a black robe that covered their entire body.

This was typical Blood Skull attire.

Zhou Yitang and Zhou Yiming quickly stood up.

"Who are you?"

"I'm the new leader of Blood Skull in Lu Shancai District."

The voice of the person in black sounded young.

Zhou Yitang and Zhou Yiming were both skeptical of the person's identity.


Chapter 434:
The black-robed man spoke to himself: "The former leader, having been attacked by Ye Qing and the head of the Chen family martial arts, is now severely injured and has returned to the headquarters of the Huaxia region. As his successor, I have come here to get acquainted with you and learn about the situation here."

As he spoke, he revealed the blood skull tattoo beneath his black robe.

Zhou Yitang and Zhou Yiming saw this tattoo and were both taken aback.

For the blood skull in the tattoo had three six-pointed stars in its mouth, indicating that the person was a strong cultivator at the Breakthrough Realm.

The Zhou family, who were worried about having no one to rely on, now had a strong cultivator from their own alliance. Zhou Yitang and his brother couldn't help but show joyful expressions on their faces.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan had just finished supervising the whipping punishment and was now being interviewed.

"Our website is almost complete," he said. "We expect it to be officially launched next month. At that time, the information about our Dao Reform Bureau personnel and videos of each arrest and execution will be posted on the website. There will also be special complaint and reporting email boxes. In short, we welcome continued attention from all sectors of society. Your supervision is our compass forward. Let's move forward together!"

Wang Yongsan was full of ambition and enjoyed the feeling of being watched by others.

What's the point of doing good deeds? Most people do it for the simple pleasure of being thanked. Wang Yongsan was no different.

After dealing with the reporters, Wang Yongsan got into his Mercedes-Benz and prepared to go home.

Suddenly, a notification sounded: "Ding! New task released."

Wang Yongsan's spirit was lifted. After more than half a month, he had finally triggered another task.

"Current Task: Stalking (Consecutive Mission, Stage Five)."

When Wang Yongsan saw the name of this task, he felt a bit dizzy. Although he hadn't played that stalking game, he had heard of it. Could it be that this task required him to do something embarrassing?

Moreover, since completing the mission to save Hua Shengnan, the consecutive missions had stopped. Unexpectedly, one appeared again today at stage five. It seemed that this consecutive mission also required special conditions to trigger.

Wang Yongsan continued listening.

"Task Description: Defeat the new leader of the Blood Skull who has come to attack and then follow him to find their base."

"Task Requirements: 1) Destroy the Blood Skull's base again, 2) Obtain genetic research data from within the base and submit it, 3) Capture as many Blood Skull members as possible."

"Upon task completion, reward: 50 points of deathly luck; failure penalty: all lifespan deducted."

What the heck! These consecutive tasks, if failed, would directly deduct all lifespan. Fortunately, this time there were only fifty points of reward; the task should not be too difficult.

"Uncle Li, let's find a place to eat first," Wang Yongsan said to Uncle Li. The enemy might come at any moment.

Wang Yongsan didn't know what realm the leader of the Blood Skull was at, but regardless of their strength, he needed to prepare thoroughly. He still had some chances left from the twenty-one abilities he had drawn, including cat's eyes and luck experiences.


Chapter 435:
```
Wang Yongsan had some useful and useless abilities, but they all enabled him to open one.

In addition to the metabolic energy of the rice bucket ability, ordinary peak-level practitioners were no longer his match.

"I'm afraid the other party is a Breakthrough Realm cultivator, which would be difficult to say."

Wang Yongsan thought while eating.

The Breakthrough Realm was indeed impressive.

However, with his fire control superpower, as long as Wang Yongsan had half a second's chance, even a Breakthrough Realm cultivator would die.

Now he could only hope that the other party didn't know about his fire control ability, otherwise facing a Breakthrough Realm cultivator would be difficult to lock onto the other party.

As Wang Yongsan was thinking about things, suddenly a gust of energy came from the front.

"Hmm?"

In the blink of an eye, Wang Yongsan crossed his arms in front of him and blocked this gust of energy.

Boom~

Crack! Crack! Crack!

Wang Yongsan was hit by this blow and sent flying, crashing into the table behind him and shattering three wooden tables in a row.

'Wa~'

Wang Yongsan's chest was filled with blood and qi, and a mouthful of blood spurted out.

Looking up,

At the door, there was a person dressed in a black robe who appeared out of nowhere.

"Blood Skull leader?"

Wang Yongsan thought the other party would find a secluded place to ambush him, but he didn't expect this Blood Skull leader to actually make a move in the restaurant.

Fortunately, it was not lunchtime now, and there was only Wang Yongsan in the small restaurant, along with a female waitress.

"Beauty, hurry up and find a place to hide, it's not safe here." Wang Yongsan said to the waitress.

The scene just now was too shocking.

The female waiter was a little stunned, and it wasn't until Wang Yongsan reminded her that she screamed and ran away.

"Sure enough, there is some ability, able to withstand my internal energy release without being severely injured."

The Blood Skull leader was confident and said slowly as he walked in.

Wang Yongsan's eyes were filled with flames gathering.

This Blood Skull person seemed not to know that he could control fire, and he must seize the opportunity to cripple him in one move.

However.

Wang Yongsan misjudged.

His ability to control fire was known by the Star Banner Bank people, and also by the Zhou family.

This Blood Skull leader had just come out of the Zhou family, so he naturally knew about this news as well.

So when Wang Yongsan felt the temperature around his body rising instantly, the Blood Skull leader quickly took three steps back.

At the same time, he punched out fiercely.

Whoo~

The strong fist contained the internal energy of a Breakthrough Realm expert, and it rushed towards Wang Yongsan.

"Fuck your ancestors!"

Wang Yongsan was also desperate.

He had the rice bucket ability and could recover quickly, so he didn't dodge this punch and directly attacked with his attack.

At the moment when the other party's fist was about to hit him, Wang Yongsan's gathered flames also ignited on the other party's black robe.

"No good!"

The man in the black robe shouted and his body suddenly shrank, then he quickly emerged from the black robe.

The white golden flames fell on the black robe and instantly burned it to ashes.

At the same time, Wang Yongsan was hit by the other party's fist again and flew into the wall behind him, spitting out another mouthful of blood.








The attack power of the Breakthrough Realm was too strong.
```
</>


Chapter 436:
Just two punches, Wang Yongsan's fully consumed metabolic energy was completely exhausted.

Wang Yongsan leaned against the signpost, panting with his hand over his chest.

At this time, the black-robed man had revealed his true form. Wang Yongsan vaguely saw that beneath the black robe, this person's facial skin seemed to be covered with a layer of scales like fish scales.

But when he tried to look carefully again, the other party's face had already regained its smooth flesh color.

—No way, his appearance just now was exactly the same as that of a cyborg?

—Could it be that he is actually a cyborg?

—But that's impossible, how could a cyborg cultivate internal energy to release it externally?

Wang Yongsan's mind was spinning rapidly.

He had the ability to remember things, although it was just a fleeting glimpse just now, but he was sure that what he saw was not wrong.

This person's face has scales like a snake.

"Boy, since you saw my appearance, you must die." The Blood Skull Man's expression was vicious.

Wang Yongsan sneered, "It seems like I didn't see your face, and you wouldn't kill me."

"Hahaha, that's right, anyway, you will die today."

After the Blood Skull Man finished speaking, he immediately started to act.

Chen Tianlong's people couldn't guard by Wang Yongsan's side 24 hours a day, but they wouldn't be too far away either. The Blood Skull Man didn't dare to delay, otherwise if Chen Tianlong's people found out, he might fall into a dangerous situation.

"Go to hell for me!"

The Blood Skull Man punched out fiercely.

Wang Yongsan did not dodge or evade, he suddenly took out a crystal emitting purple light and held it in front of him, shouting loudly: "Lost Soul."

A purple light shot out from the crystal and hit the Blood Skull Man's forehead.

"No, it's a Xuan Qi?"

The Blood Skull Man realized the danger, but it was too late.

The speed of light transmission is something that humans cannot react to.

The Blood Skull Man only had time to shout out a sentence before he gradually became somewhat dizzy.

Wang Yongsan gasped for breath, enduring the splitting headache and condensed two white gold flames on the Blood Skull Man's shoulders.

‘Puff’.

The flames rose up.

In just a moment, it had completely burned the other party's arms to ashes.

Wang Yongsan's head was pounding like it would burst at any moment, and he quickly withdrew the disoriented attack from the Spiritual Awakening Crystal.

"Whew~~hah~~"

Wang Yongsan gasped for breath, and sweat dripped down from his forehead.

Using the Spiritual Awakening Crystal's mental attack requires extremely high requirements for one's own spirit. Wang Yongsan currently only has 22 points of intelligence, barely able to activate the Spiritual Awakening Crystal, and he himself couldn't withstand it either.

"Ah? Where are my arms?"

"Where are my arms?"

The Blood Skull Man woke up from his daze, and the first thing he discovered was that he had lost both of his arms.

The strength of a breakthrough expert lies in the part where their acupoints are broken through.

Without those broken acupoints, their strength would also fall back to the level of breaking meridians.

"Hah~hah~, now let's see who dies."

Wang Yongsan gasped for breath and slowly approached the other party step by step.

His body was not severely damaged due to metabolic energy, and the reason he walked with difficulty was because his mental power was consumed too much.


Chapter 437:
Compared to hypnosis, the Spirit Awakening Crystal consumes dozens of times more spiritual power, but its effects are clearly not as powerful as hypnosis.

"Damn it, damn it!"

The Blood Skull leader's eyes were red with anger as he gritted his teeth.

He had just advanced to Break Meridians, and hadn't been showing off for long when his hands were crippled.

Looking at Wang Yongsan with hatred, he realized that he was no longer a match for Wang Yongsan.

Escape!

Quickly escape!

Although the Blood Skull leader was reluctant, he still turned and fled quickly.

Wang Yongsan shook his head vigorously and followed closely behind.

The Blood Skull leader was very vigilant. After leaving the house, he wandered around randomly for a while before getting into a black car when he saw no one following him.

Wang Yongsan, fearing discovery, took two taxis and followed from a distance.

The two cars left the city center one after another and drove towards the suburbs simultaneously.

"Sir, drive slowly, don't follow too closely." Wang Yongsan reminded the driver.

"Director Wang, what are you doing? Are there any moral offenders in front of the car?" The driver recognized Wang Yongsan as soon as he got in the car and asked excitedly.

"Yes, you drive slowly, don't let him discover me." Wang Yongsan responded vaguely.

"Don't worry, I am known as the Ghost Car God, and I am especially good at tracking and capturing people. This year alone, I have helped more than ten people track down their cheating husbands or wives. Impressive, right?"

"Impressive, impressive." Wang Yongsan had no words to say.

The taxi drivers in Longtai were truly extraordinary. After encountering the racing king and drifting king, he now encountered a cheating investigation king. Wang Yongsan was speechless with amusement.

However, this cheating investigation king did have some skills. After following for about half an hour, the black car turned into a factory yard.

"Hmm, where is this?" Wang Yongsan felt familiar with the place.

The driver reminded him, "This is Nanzhou Village. I remember there used to be a lock factory here, but it seems to have gone bankrupt later on."

Nanzhou Village? Lock factory? Wang Yongsan suddenly remembered. This was the base of Blood Skull during the last Tiger Mountain mission, wasn't it? The place had been blown up by Dr. Le before, so why was the Blood Skull leader here again?

Could it be that they believed that the most dangerous place was also the safest, so they deliberately set up their base here again? Wang Yongsan thought it was very likely.

"Sir, this is your fare. It might not be safe around here, so you should go back quickly."

"What about you? Why don't I wait here for a while and take you back together?" The driver wanted to pick up a passenger on the way back since it would be a waste of gas if he went back empty.

"No need, I'll take their car back after capturing them." Wang Yongsan said as he rushed into the lock factory.

The black car was parked in the yard, but there was no one inside. Wang Yongsan rushed straight to the entrance of the underground laboratory.

Sure enough, the entrance that should have been open was now closed, indicating that someone had repaired it.


Chapter 438:
The entrance requires iris unlocking, but Wang Yongsan cannot open it. However, he possesses the superpower of controlling fire.

A white-golden flame ignites and quickly burns a half-meter diameter hole in the machine blocking the entrance.

As Wang Yongsan just sticks his head inside to check the underground situation, a sudden black shadow shoots towards him at an incredible speed.

"Burn."

The shadow moves too fast, and Wang Yongsan cannot retreat in time. He decides to use his fire control ability decisively.

"Croak!"

The shadow quickly withdraws, just as fast as it came, and a strange cry of pain comes from below.

Having been discovered already,

Wang Yongsan no longer hesitates and jumps directly into the underground channel entrance.








Wang Yongsan lands on the ground of the channel and sees a toad-like creature in front of him. It was a toad-human hybrid, not only grotesque but also with a fierce look in its eyes.

As the director of the Reformed Humans Agency, Wang Yongsan is responsible for legalizing human modifications. Therefore, he does not immediately kill the toad-human hybrid.

He offers it a chance: "Did anyone go in this way just now?"

The toad-human hybrid seems to scornfully croak and then, like a kangaroo, uses its hind legs to leap forward at a speed of ten meters per step.

A red light flashes in Wang Yongsan's eyes.

The toad-human hybrid's hind leg catches fire, turning blue.

The temperature of the blue flame is higher than that of the red one but lower than the white-golden one. It burns the toad-human hybrid's leg but does not turn it into ashes instantly.

Wang Yongsan walks over quickly and coldly says, "Don't throw away a chance given to you. Tell me what I want to know, and I will spare your life."

The toad-human hybrid croaks again and then speaks with a strange intonation, "What's the point of sparing me? I look like this and can only hide in this dark place. Living is a torture; death would be better."

Wang Yongsan frowns and says, "Who said you can only hide here? As long as you behave well, I can take you out."

"Croak croak croak! You're making me laugh!"

The toad-human hybrid bursts into laughter.

Then, it looks at Wang Yongsan with malicious eyes and says, "You must be from the Dark Police. You say you'll take me out but actually want to use us for experiments, right? How many reformed humans have been dissected by you already? I'd rather die than be your guinea pig."

The toad-human hybrid's demeanor does not seem like it is lying.

However, how could the Dark Police possibly experiment on reformed humans?

Wang Yongsan does not have a say in this matter without investigation.

However, he is sure there must be some misunderstanding involved.

"I'm not from the Dark Police; I am the director of the Reformed Humans Agency. You must have been underground for quite some time and are unaware of what's happening outside. Anyway, tell me where the person just now went; I won't harm you."

Wang Yongsan is getting anxious.

Because there are numerous forks in this underground laboratory.

Last time he came here, without the guidance of a dog-human hybrid, he would not have found his way.

</div>


Chapter 439:
And this time, Dr. Le's laboratory has already self-detonated, and the people from Blood Skull should have moved to another place to continue their experiments.

If no one leads the way, he might have to take a lot of detours.

"Okay, I believe you. Follow me." The toad-like cyborg suddenly said.

Wang Yongsan was a little hesitant.

But at this moment, the toad-like cyborg had already started walking inside.

Wang Yongsan followed him, feeling more and more uneasy as they went along.

This road was exactly the same as the one he took when he came here last time.

As they were about to reach the warehouse, the toad-like cyborg suddenly stopped and pointed ahead, asking, "Did you see that metal door over there?"

Wang Yongsan nodded. "I saw it."

"The person you're looking for is inside, but I don't have the password to open it. Since you can open the entrance above, you should be able to open this one too. Go ahead and open it yourself."

As the toad-like cyborg spoke, he took a few steps back. "I won't stay here with you. If I'm caught betraying them, I'll be dead for sure."

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but chuckle.

The toad-like cyborg, whether it was his movements or tone of voice, performed flawlessly.

However, he didn't know that Wang Yongsan had not only been here before but also entered the warehouse himself.

Inside that metal door, there was only a space of about ten square meters, with alloy walls all around. It would be much harder to set up another laboratory here than in other places.

Moreover,

Wang Yongsan hadn't seen a single person along the way.

In some damp and muddy places, there weren't even any footprints.

What does this mean?

Wang Yongsan sneered and seemed to be nonchalantly walking forward. "Since you've brought me here, I'll take it from here."

As he passed by the toad-like cyborg and faced away from him, the toad-like cyborg suddenly widened his eyes and slightly opened his mouth, with a frog tongue instantly shooting out towards Wang Yongsan's back of the head.

However,

Wang Yongsan was well prepared and would not be caught off guard.

Without even turning his head, Wang Yongsan tilted his neck slightly and raised his hand, catching the frog tongue in his grasp.

The toad-like cyborg was shocked and wanted to escape, but the frog tongue was caught, preventing him from doing so.

"Some people always refuse to admit defeat until they reach the end of their rope. I felt sorry for you and gave you two chances, but I won't give you a third."

Wang Yongsan turned around, and the white-golden flames in his eyes seemed to be tangible, surging like waves.

"Don't don't, I was wrong, don't kill me, I'll tell you where they are."

The toad-like cyborg kept retreating, with beads of sweat oozing from his face covered in pus-filled blisters.

"Speak, or I'll burn you alive right now!" Wang Yongsan shouted angrily.

At the same time, he controlled the fire elements in the air and began to gather them around the toad-like cyborg.

It was clear that the temperature of the surrounding space was rapidly increasing.

"I'll say it, I'll say it, they're over there. If you want to stop, I'll take you there."

"Hmph, it's too late for tricks now!"

With a thought from Wang Yongsan, a red flame appeared out of thin air.

```


Chapter 440:
However, this flame did not appear on the bodies of the modified humans being eliminated but instead hovered in mid-air, burning like ghost fire.

Slowly, it approached the toad modified human.

A tangible threat was imminent, and the toad modified human finally completely collapsed.

"I'll tell you where they are, but you can't kill me."

"We'll see if you're telling the truth or not."

"I swear it's the truth this time, absolutely the truth this time."

The toad modified human was almost scared to tears.

He wasn't actually fearless when it came to death; on the contrary, he was extremely afraid of it.

"They're in the layer below this one, and the entrance is on the path we just came from." The toad modified human said with a bitter face.

Wang Yongsan asked sternly, "Be more specific, at which intersection on that path, left or right?"

"The third intersection ahead, turn back, and then walk for another twenty or so meters. There's a closed intersection there; actually, it's a hidden door. Once you get around it without going in, feel your way to the corner on the left side, and there's a downward passage."

"It's a cylindrical ladder that's only one meter wide; you'll know it when you see it."

"I'm telling the truth this time, every word of it. Please have mercy and let me go."

As the toad modified human spoke, he kept kowtowing repeatedly.

Unfortunately for him, Wang Yongsan had already given two chances and would not give a third.

Moreover, the toad modified human's character was so bad that even if he were restored to a normal person, he would undoubtedly still be a menace. How could Wang Yongsan possibly spare him?








"You can die now." Wang Yongsan said coldly.

Then, the white-golden flames in his eyes flickered.

"No, I'm telling the truth, don't kill me, please!"

The pleas abruptly stopped.

Wang Yongsan stepped over the toad modified human's corpse and ran towards the location he had described.

With his ability to remember, although the toad modified human spoke quickly, Wang Yongsan easily remembered the place.

Arriving at the closed alleyway, Wang Yongsan circled around and indeed found a cylindrical ladder in the corner.

Descending the ladder, he entered another world below ground level.

"My goodness, so many modified humans?"

In a space the size of a basketball court, there were people crowded together in small groups.

With just one glance, Wang Yongsan estimated that there were at least forty modified humans.

There were also another ten or so individuals who were martial artists.

The modified humans and martial artists below had likely not expected any outsiders to come in, so although they heard some noise, none of them paid much attention.

The more Wang Yongsan looked, the more astonished he became.

These modified humans all had physiques above thirty.

As for the martial artists, even the weakest among them was at the eighth level of the Meridian-Breaking Stage, and there were even some who had reached the peak of that stage.

"Damn it, why is the production of the new genetic medicine so slow?"

"Yeah, I've been waiting for three days already."

"You guys should stop complaining; even with the new medicine, there's still a chance of success or failure."

"What are you afraid of? There's still the recovery medicine, right?"

"That's true. If evolution fails, you can just recover and reach the level of breaking acupoints at least. You just won't be able to cultivate anymore after that."

</div>


Chapter 441:
"My goal is to break the acupoints. That's enough for this life."

Wang Yongsan descended quietly from the ladder.

A nearby cyborg noticed him, squinted slightly in confusion about who he was.

But they didn't approach to ask, instead turning back to chat with their companions.

Wang Yongsan sighed in relief.

From what he'd heard people say here, a new gene serum had been developed.

Although there was a chance of failure, if successful it could evolve someone to the level of broken acupoints. And even if it failed, they would still reach that level but lose the ability to continue cultivating.

If this were true, the strength of Blood Skull would rapidly increase to a terrifying degree.

—No wonder my mission was to obtain Blood Skull's research results.

—But if there really is a new serum, there should be more than one broken acupoints cultivator here.

—If there were two or three broken acupoints cultivators, wouldn't this mission be too difficult?

—Only fifty points for completing the task. That's highway robbery!

It turned out, the system was reasonable after all.

There were indeed more than one broken acupoints cultivator in the Western Wilderness.

But this was just a laboratory.

Those who had evolved successfully, or those who had failed but reached broken acupoints level, had already left for a good time elsewhere.

All that remained here were the test subjects waiting for the serum.

Wang Yongsan didn't know how to proceed when someone suddenly emerged from the other end of the corridor.

"The second batch of serums is ready."

"There are two evolution serums and five gene recovery serums. Anyone interested in participating should come forward now; we'll draw lots to decide who gets them."

As soon as he finished speaking, a crowd of martial artists and cyborgs rushed forward.

Wang Yongsan saw that if these people succeeded, he would have another broken acupoints opponent.

If three or five of them succeeded, he might as well kill himself.

His fire control superpower could kill a broken acupoints cultivator, but they could also kill him.

In a situation where both sides could instantly kill each other, the best way to survive was to prevent them from evolving.

"Damn it, I'll go sign up too. If I can sneak in, the fewer enemies there are, the better."

"If I can't sneak in, then I'll have to fight them."

Wang Yongsan realized that these people didn't seem to recognize him.

But thinking about it, he understood: Although the Western Wilderness had a Blood Skull base, it was still a small place. How could it produce so many martial artists at the peak of the meridian-opening or divine realms?

And there were so many cyborgs with a physique over thirty, or even close to forty?

It was clear that these people had come from different places for the serum.

Wang Yongsan's analysis was correct.

From their accents, these people were from different provinces.

Signing up ended.

Lottery time began.

The lots were divided into two groups: martial artists and cyborgs.


Chapter 442:
“Gene Restoration Serum five spots, awarded to Li Wei, Yin Guodong, Jin Hairui, Liang Liang, and Xu Ran.”

“Evolution Serum two spots, awarded to Chen Jing and Wang Yong.”

My goodness.

Wang Yong was thrilled beyond measure.

He feared others would hear his name, so he removed the “three” from his name. That Wang Yong was actually him.

“Those called, follow me.”

After the announcement, the speaker turned back along the passageway.

Wang Yong and others hurried to follow.

As they entered the passage, they could faintly hear people behind them sighing and complaining about their bad luck.

Two martial artists and five cyborgs entered together.

The middle-aged man, Wang Yong’s fellow martial artist, approached him.

“I’m Chen Jing from Fushan. I don’t know where you’re from, but coming here at such a young age, aren’t you perhaps related to one of the helmsmen?”

Wang Yong gave an awkward smile and said mysteriously, “Can’t say. Can’t say.”

“Oh, I see. I understand, but…” Chen Jing hesitated.

“But what?” Wang Yong asked curiously.

Chen Jing looked Wang Yong up and down, then said doubtfully, “But you’re so young yet have considerable cultivation. You might even stabilize at the Breakthrough stage in the future. Why take the gene evolution path?”

Although Wang Yong had heard some things about the new gene serums, he didn’t fully understand gene evolution. He asked humbly for advice, “Elder brother, to be honest, I came here without my family’s knowledge. They also advised against using gene serums. But I saw someone evolve directly to the Breakthrough stage. Could there be risks involved?”

Chen Jing slapped his thigh and said loudly, “I’m glad you told me in advance. Otherwise, if you failed to evolve and regretted it later, it would be too late!”

“Oh? What do you mean?” Wang Yong asked seriously.

Chen Jing leaned closer to Wang Yong and then cautiously pointed at the cyborgs in front, “You see these people? In fact, three days ago, they were just like us. But because of evolution failure, they became cyborgs.”

“Although they can still maintain human form and their strength increases explosively due to residual cyborg genes, they lose the potential for normal human cultivation. So, ultimately, their lives will be limited to this point.”








Wang Yong heard this and slightly frowned, “In that case, why are you all so eager for gene evolution?”

Chen Jing shook his head, “It’s because we have no potential. If we don’t use unconventional methods, we might never reach the Breakthrough stage in our lives. But you are different; you’re still young with unlimited potential!”

Wang Yong responded with an “oh.”

Suddenly, he asked, “Elder brother Chen, I wonder how many trials we’ve conducted here? How many succeeded and how many failed?”


Chapter 443:
"Chen Jing thought he just wanted to see the success rate and didn't think much about it. He replied directly, 'The experiment started three days ago and has been conducted eight times so far. This is the ninth time. Only three people have successfully evolved, and twelve people have broken through with gene restoration potions.'

Wang Yongsan asked, 'What about the rest?'

'The rest are still taking steps in place and muddling through at the Qi Meridian Realm.'

Chen Jing spread his hands.

Although so.

But gene evolution, after all, is an opportunity.

If successful, it's a step to the sky;

if failed, it's just an early disappointment and can enjoy life earlier.

'By the way, Brother Chen, when I came here just now, I saw a suspicious guy without arms. I wanted to stop and ask him, but I was afraid of offending someone. Should I tell others and let everyone be vigilant?'

Wang Yongsan asked about the whereabouts of the broken-through master in a veiled way.

Sure enough, Chen Jing was careless and said, 'You mean one of the managers here? He was one of the first to break through with a recovery potion, but just now, outside, he was cut off by someone else's two arms. Now he should be undergoing gene therapy, but even if he can grow his arms back, his broken-through cultivation will definitely be gone.'

Chen Jing's expression was a little schadenfreude.

Wang Yongsan was very surprised.

It turns out that Blood Skull's gene technology has reached the point where it can make people grow their arms back.

If this is applied to the medical field, it will be a major development.

Wang Yongsan still had one last question.

He wanted to ask how many broken-through masters were stationed here.

However, the laboratory had already arrived.

The second-generation gene evolution potion was much more complex than the first generation and could not be used by direct injection. Instead, it had to be soaked in a transparent bottle that looked like a large battery, using pressurized soaking to force the potion into the experimenter's body through their hair follicles.

The gene restoration potion, on the other hand, was still injected normally.

At this time, two pressurized soaking bottles were already filled with second-generation gene evolution potions.

'You two can go in, and the rest of you come with me to get gene restoration potions.'

The guide was the laboratory operator.

As soon as he finished speaking, Chen Jing took off his clothes and was ready to go up.

'Brother Chen, wait a minute.'

Wang Yongsan pulled Chen Jing back.

Chen Jing had been waiting impatiently and said impatiently when he heard this, 'Brother, let's talk about it later. I'm going up first.'

Then he tried to move forward again.

'Crack!'

A crisp sound rang out.

Chen Jing's neck twisted and he fell to the ground.

Wang Yongsan put his hand away, sighed with a cry, and then turned around to say to the others, 'I'm sorry, I'm a spy.'

Spy?

He is a spy?

The others finally realized what had happened.

After three days of experimentation and waiting, these people had become a little mentally exhausted, plus they were all thinking about the success of evolution, so their vigilance had already dropped to freezing point.

Only when Wang Yongsan said this did they realize that there was no mark representing the Blood Skull member on the arm of the person in front of them.

'Catch him!'"


Chapter 444:
```
Someone shouted, and five genetically modified humans charged at Wang Yongsan simultaneously. Unfortunately, they had not undergone gene restoration and could not use internal energy despite their physical strength being over thirty. They were only slightly stronger than those at the peak of the Pulse-Filling stage.

The flames in Wang Yongsan's eyes flickered, and ten blue flames appeared out of thin air on the arms of the five individuals.

"What's happening?"
"Why are my arms on fire?"
"It's so hot; I'm burning up! My arm is about to break."
"It was him who did this; kill him, and the fire will go out."

Their arms were already burned to the point of cramping and unusable, but they could still attack with their legs. Wang Yongsan didn't want to use the Platinum Blue Flames because he couldn't release ten of them at once yet. He needed to capture these Blood Skull members alive and couldn't kill them outright. As the five genetically modified humans rushed towards him, Wang Yongsan simply retreated quickly. As long as he didn't die and had spiritual energy, the blue flames would not go out. Despite their high physical strength, these genetically modified humans were quickly burned through by the Blue Flames.

"My arm!"
"Aaah, bastard! I'm going to kill you!"

The five genetically modified humans were enraged. Wang Yongsan's flames danced in his eyes as he calmly addressed them, "Don't move. If you do, I'll burn you to death. Listen to me, and I might spare your lives."

With the mountain still standing, there's no fear of running out of firewood. Faced with an unbeatable flame, the genetically modified humans had no choice but to listen despite their anger. Wang Yongsan approached the person who initiated the experiment and asked, "What should I call you?"

"My family name is Yuan."

"Dr. Yuan?"

"You can call me that," Dr. Yuan replied with a more mature demeanor than Dr. Lei despite being younger.

Wang Yongsan nodded and asked, "Do you know Dr. Lei?"

"Yes, he is a senior in the field of genetics. I once consulted him about genetic issues." Dr. Yuan looked at Wang Yongsan with admiration when he mentioned Dr. Lei.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "He is now under my jurisdiction, and I helped him regain his freedom."

Dr. Yuan shook his head and laughed, "You're wrong. Based on my understanding of Dr. Lei's character, all he cares about is having experiments to conduct; he doesn't care if he's free or not."

Wang Yongsan nodded and asked, "What about you?"

"Me?"

"Yes, don't you care about freedom either?" Wang Yongsan asked sternly, "You are now working for the Blood Skull organization. Even if your genetic evolution serum research is successful, you won't become a respected figure or be mentioned in textbooks. Instead, you will be seen as an evil person and imprisoned or even executed directly."

"Is this the result you want?"

Dr. Yuan grinned, "You've said so much; isn't it just to make me work for you?"

"That's right. Of course, if you don't want to, I can still help you obtain your freedom as long as you hand over your research results." Wang Yongsan said earnestly.

This mission had three requirements:
```


Chapter 445:
Except for destroying this base and capturing as many Blood Skull members as possible, we also need to find a way to take the research results here and hand them over.

If we can obtain what we want through conversation, Wang Yongsan naturally doesn't want to engage in violence.

As for Dr. Yuan, since he can develop the second-generation gene evolution potion, he must be an extremely intelligent person.

He should know what choice to make.








"Dr. Yuan, do you dare to betray?"

"You should know the methods of Blood Skull. If you defect to Huaxia, Blood Skull will definitely kill you."

Two cyborgs stared at Dr. Yuan with red eyes, threatening him.

Wang Yongsan glared, and two flames suddenly rose from his eyes.

The cyborgs were startled and quickly shut up, taking several steps back in fear. Their terror was evident.

Some people often say that if looks could kill, someone would have died a hundred times already.

But for Wang Yongsan, a mere glance could truly kill someone.

"If you don't want to die, be quiet. Otherwise, I won't mind burning you into ashes."

Wang Yongsan coldly commanded before turning to Dr. Yuan: "You are a talent, and I don't want to destroy you. Make your choice now."

Dr. Yuan didn't hesitate: "I'll go with you."

He was well aware that with his research, if he didn't defect to Wang Yongsan, either Blood Skull would rescue him and continue controlling him or the country would capture him and sentence him to life imprisonment.

Dr. Yuan was different from Dr. Le, as he had a family. Although he couldn't see his family due to being controlled, he thought of escaping at every moment.

And today was his best chance.

"Good."

Wang Yongsan nodded: "Since that's the case, you should prepare your things. We will take your research and leave together later."

Dr. Yuan didn't waste time and immediately began packing his documents.

Wang Yongsan turned back to the five cyborgs: "I'll ask you some questions now. You don't have to speak out loud; just whisper your answers to me one by one. If anyone gives a different answer from the others, I'll burn him to death."

"First question: How many of you here are Breakthrough Experts?"

After Wang Yongsan finished asking, he waved to the first one: "You come over and answer."

This was a cyborg transformed into a lion.

With golden fur and a large circle of golden beard, he looked quite imposing. However, at this moment, he was like a frightened kitten, trembling as he approached Wang Yongsan.

"Speak! If you dare to lie, it's death seeking!"

Wang Yongsan's voice wasn't loud, but the lion cyborg believed that Wang Yongsan definitely had the ability and courage to kill him.

"There are five supervisors, all Breakthrough Experts, but now there should only be two left. One is severely injured and has lost both arms."

He didn't dare to lie because he was afraid that others would tell the truth while he lied, and his deception would be easily exposed.

"Where are they?"

"In the backup gene laboratory over there."

"You go back, and the next one come forward."

In this way, Wang Yongsan asked each of the five cyborgs to answer his questions.


Chapter 446:
They were both afraid that others would tell the truth, so they simply told the truth themselves.

Wang Yongsan received consistent answers and knew that it should be correct.

He ordered the five cyborgs, "Lead the way ahead to the backup laboratory."

The cyborgs dared not disobey and exchanged a glance before quietly leading the way ahead.

The backup laboratory was not far from the main laboratory.

Wang Yongsan and his group arrived in no time after setting off.

Using the white gold flame to burn down the door, Wang Yongsan broke into the laboratory.

"Who are you?"

"Your killer."

This time, Wang Yongsan had experience and took out the Spiritual Awakening Crystal as soon as he entered.

Purple light shot out and, at an unreactable speed, entered the mind of the person in charge, putting them into a hypnotic state to seven tenths.

Although it did not fully put the person in charge into a hypnotic state, it was enough.

The white gold flame ignited out of thin air and directly reduced the head of this person in charge to ashes.

"What? It's you!"

The person in charge of Blood Skull, who was lying on the experimental bed undergoing gene treatment for regenerating his severed arms, turned pale when he saw Wang Yongsan.

Then, a layer of emerald green scales suddenly appeared on his face.

He was the Green Snake Cyborg.

After failing in gene evolution, he relied on the residual gene enhancement during his human form transformation to break through to the Broken Orifice Realm.

However, even if he broke through, he could no longer practice in the future.

Facing the threat of death at this moment, he couldn't control himself and revealed his cyborg appearance. The full face of emerald green scales made him look particularly disgusting.

"Die!"

Wang Yongsan's white gold flame flickered in his eyes.

The Green Snake Cyborg had already lost both arms, and coupled with lying on the experimental bed, he couldn't even escape in time before his head was burned off.

The five cyborgs leading the way were all scared by this scene.

These two people in charge were Broken Orifice experts.

However, the young man in front of them just glared and with a single flame, he had extinguished them?

It seemed that the blue flame used on himself just now was still holding back. If it were the white gold flame, these people would probably already be dead beyond recognition.

"Brother, spare my life!"

"I am willing to pledge allegiance to you. Please spare me this time."

"Me too. From now on, we will obey your every command. You tell us to go east, and we won't dare to go west."

When Wang Yongsan's gaze swept over, the five cyborgs immediately knelt down and begged for mercy.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

They all knelt down and pleaded for mercy.

Being willing to join Blood Skull showed that these people had no moral principles. Betrayal was as simple for them as eating.

Wang Yongsan had no intention of killing them in the first place.

The task requirement for seeking death was not to kill but to capture these members of Blood Skull, including the cyborgs, who were also within the scope of capture.

The reason for killing those two people in charge was because they were Broken Orifice experts and posed a threat to him. If he didn't kill them, he wouldn't feel at ease.

"Just in time, I have a task for you now. If anyone messes up, you know the consequences." Wang Yongsan looked down at the five of them.

The five cyborgs immediately nodded repeatedly.

"Yes, yes, we will definitely listen."

Next, Wang Yongsan explained the evolution to the five cyborgs.


Chapter 447:
Then, he directly took them to the place where they were waiting before.

“Hmm? What happened?”

“Could it be that the restoration failed?”

“It shouldn't have. If the restoration fails, it just means taking a step back; it's impossible to lose an arm.”

“Then what happened?”

Thirty-plus modified humans, along with a dozen or so martial artists at the eighth level of the Conquering Meridians, all frowned and looked at the five modified humans.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan, who had been ignored earlier, stepped forward a few steps.

He loudly said, “Everyone, we used the serum in the laboratory and encountered a traitor's sneak attack. These five brothers lost their arms during the enemy's surprise attack.”

Wow~?

So that was what happened?

But there was only one entrance here, and no one seemed to have sneaked in unnoticed.

Or could it be that everyone was so engrossed in chatting that someone slipped in without being noticed?

Wang Yongsan clapped his hands, signaling everyone to be quiet.

He then continued, “After the traitor attacked us, he escaped. However, we left marks on him. Now, I and the five brothers who were attacked will check everyone one by one.”

“All of you should face the wall, no talking or looking around. If we don't find any problems, everything will be fine.”

“This is for everyone's safety. I hope you can cooperate.”

After Wang Yongsan finished speaking, it immediately caused a commotion.

Everyone present was a big shot in their own right and no one wanted to be checked so obediently.

Moreover, facing the wall meant exposing their backs to others; if someone attacked them suddenly, they wouldn't even have a chance to fight back.

However…








However, the fact that five modified humans had lost their arms clearly indicated that there was a traitor who attacked them. Having such people among them was indeed dangerous.

Many people hesitated.

They turned around and faced the wall without saying a word, no one voiced their opposition.

Everyone was waiting for someone else to react before deciding whether to follow suit.

“I disagree with the check.”

Finally, someone stepped forward.

This person was a martial artist at the peak of the Conquering Meridians, and among them, his strength was at the top.

“Oh? You disagree?”

Wang Yongsan sneered and shouted, “Could it be that you are the traitor and don't dare to accept the check?”

“Haha, I have been in this organization for ten years. Do you think I'm a traitor? It seems like there are some problems with you guys.” The martial artist at the peak of the Conquering Meridians said disdainfully.

Wang Yongsan didn't respond but turned his head to look at the five modified humans behind him.

The five modified humans understood and immediately took a step forward, shouting loudly:

“F*ck off! We've lost our arms; do you think we would lie about this?”

“Not accepting the check means being a traitor, no doubt about it.”

“Brother Wang, there's no need to waste words with such a person; just burn him alive!”

These modified humans hated Wang Yongsan even more.

No wonder they were from Blood Skull; being with them, one had to be cautious of being stabbed in the back.

However, Wang Yongsan still needed them for now.


Chapter 448:
Following the condemnation by the five genetically modified humans, Wang Yongsan asked the crowd, "Ladies and gentlemen, I believe this Liu Yue must be one of the attackers without a doubt. Now, I intend to restrain him first. Does anyone have any objections?"

It's none of my business; I wash my hands of it.

Someone stepped forward, and the rest naturally enjoyed the spectacle without hesitation. Only a fool would object.

Liu Yue laughed loudly and said, "With just you? A mere trash at the fifth level who has just advanced. How dare you act arrogantly in front of me, a peak martial artist at the Pulse Refining stage? Perhaps I should teach you a lesson in respecting your elders."

His fists clenched with a crackling sound, and he directly walked towards Wang Yongsan.

"Humph, seeking death!"

Wang Yongsan's eyes flickered with fiery light as a ball of blue flame instantly adhered to Liu Yue's head.

"Aaaaaah! What's happening? Save me, save me!"

Liu Yue didn't even realize what was happening before his own head seemed to spontaneously combust.

The crowd around them gasped in shock.

Especially the five genetically modified humans, who were filled with lingering fear.

They had been hesitating earlier about whether to take advantage of the situation when there were many people and turn on Wang Yongsan together. However, after witnessing this scene where the other party could instantly kill them, they no longer dared to harbor any rebellious thoughts.

In fact, if everyone present had attacked Wang Yongsan simultaneously, he might really have been in trouble.

Because the previous two uses of the Enlightenment Crystal had consumed a tremendous amount of his mental power.

At this moment, he couldn't sustain the release of too much firepower.

Otherwise, he would have used White Gold Flames instead of Blue Flame now.

Liu Yue struggled for a while before losing consciousness.

The air was as silent as death.

Wang Yongsan raised his head and calmly said, "Ladies and gentlemen, what I used just now is another effect of the second-generation genetic evolution fluid. The success rate is less than one in a hundred, but if successful, it grants the ability to use superpowers."

"Originally, everyone here had a chance to try this evolution, but due to the appearance of betrayers, the experiment must be suspended."

"I believe that none of you want to continue wasting time, right?"

It was coercion earlier, and now it's temptation.

Wang Yongsan, with his martial arts at the fifth level of Pulse Refining, didn't even move and killed a peak martial artist at the same stage. This kind of strength had an irresistible temptation for everyone present.

Now that they knew it was an effect obtained through evolution, no one could resist the desire to try.

"I agree to undergo the check."

"I also agree to undergo the check."

"The three of us brothers also accept. Anyone who refuses to be checked is obviously an accomplice of the betrayer, and I will be the first one not to let him off."

"That's right, I also support the Three Brothers of the Hu Family."

People will die for wealth, and birds will die for food. As martial artists, the improvement of their strength is even more maddening than money.

Wang Yongsan wanted exactly this effect.

With a slight smile, he said, "Excellent. Since that's the case, everyone please stand with your backs to us."

"To tell you the truth, we didn't actually remember the true appearance of those people just now. So during the check, if any issues arise, I will first knock them unconscious. As for whether they are truly betrayers or not, it will have to be determined by the people in charge when they return."

"Therefore, you can rest assured that there won't be any mistaken killings."


Chapter 449:
The words of Wang Yongsan made the remaining few who were afraid of being mistakenly killed also feel relieved.

Everyone began to stand facing the walls.

Wang Yongsan flew above with a sinister smile, passing by them one by one from behind.

"Hmm? This one seems to have a problem."

With a swift chop from Wang Yongsan, the person fainted with a 'snap'.

Then, after taking just a few more steps, he stopped again.

"This one looks like the person who just attacked as well."

'Snap'. Another person was knocked out cold.

"This one is too."

"This one seems a bit like him as well."

Snap snap snap snap…

As Wang Yongsan walked, he kept knocking people out.

In less than a minute, there were already ten people unconscious on the ground.

The others who were facing the walls began to feel unsettled.

My God,

Ten people already? If there were this many people going in to attack, they would have been discovered long ago.

Moreover, why was he still checking?

He had already gone through everyone once; did it really need to be this cautious?

"Hmm? This one… seems a bit suspicious as well. Never mind, let's knock him out first. If I knocked the wrong person out, I can just apologize to them later."

Wang Yongsan muttered to himself before knocking out another ten people in a row.

At this point,

There were only twenty or so people left facing the walls.

The five amputee cyborgs looked at each other, their eyes filled with awe.

The young man before them not only possessed the ability to control fire but also had a sharp mind, and his understanding of human nature was terrifying.

Losing to such an extraordinary person was not unjust.

After completing his second round, Wang Yongsan began his third pass. This time, he knocked out another eight people.

Of the nearly fifty people present, twenty-eight had now been knocked unconscious, and Wang Yongsan did so effortlessly.

This was human nature.

This was the result of herd mentality and greed.

Everyone began to doubt in their hearts, but all they hoped for was that the next person knocked out would not be themselves. None of them dared to stand up and become a target.

Especially since,

As he progressed further, Wang Yongsan knocked out fewer people each time. This gave everyone a false sense that it was almost over and they would not be knocked out.

However, in reality, even when only ten people were left, Wang Yongsan had no intention of stopping.

"This isn't right; there are only a few of us left now, so why is he still checking?"

"Yeah, could it be that we are all suspects?"

"There's a problem."

Only then did someone finally speak up, and their words quickly gained the agreement of others.

However, it was too late.

There were only ten people left after all; Wang Yongsan suddenly attacked, quickly knocking out three of them. The remaining seven were no longer a threat.








Wang Yongsan still had twenty-one uses of his last ability remaining.

Without considering whether it was useful or not, he extracted a sample from each person indiscriminately.

Even though he was only at the fifth level of the Conduit, with his ability to control Qi and the assistance of the cat's eye, when he used the Seven Harmful Fist Technique, even a Conduit peak-level expert would have difficulty defeating him if three or four of them attacked together.

Bang bang bang bang…

A flurry of punches and kicks echoed through the air.

With the red flames, Wang Yongsan single-handedly knocked out the remaining seven people.

At this point,


Chapter 450:
Standing on the ground were only Wang Yongsan and five cyborgs left.

"You guys..."

Wang Yongsan looked at the last five cyborgs and grinned, "Will you faint on your own or let me knock you out?"

How to faint on one's own?

The five cyborgs looked worried and said, "Boss, we have followed you. If they wake up and find out that we cooperated with you to knock them out, they will kill us."

"Don't worry, they don't have a chance."

Wang Yongsan smiled and said.

Then he walked to the five cyborgs, made a gesture for them to turn around.

Although the five cyborgs were a little worried, they were more afraid of being burned to death if they disobeyed.

After hesitating, they all turned around.

With another five consecutive hits,

The five cyborgs were also knocked out.

Wang Yongsan checked them one by one and then quickly rushed towards the ground.

Returning the same way.

Just when he reached the surface, Wang Yongsan took out his phone and dialed Ye Qing's number.

"Hello, Brother Wang, what's the matter?"

"Ye Ge, I am now at the Blood Skull Base in Nanzhou Village. I caught more than fifty elite members of the Blood Skulls. You quickly bring people over."

"Fifty plus?"

Ye Qing's voice suddenly rose by an octave and asked, "Isn't that place destroyed by the explosion? How are there still people inside? And what do you mean by elite members?"

If Ye Qing wanted to catch people, he had to know the strength here first.

Otherwise, if he brought too few people and let a few of them escape, it would be a big loss.

Wang Yongsan said, "It's hard to say in one sentence, but among the more than fifty people, the weakest is at the eighth level of Qi Meridian cultivation, and among them, more than forty are cyborgs with Break Meridian Physique."

Break Meridian Physique?

Ye Qing had never heard of this term.

But since it carried the word "Break Meridian," it must be quite impressive.

"Alright, I'll go right now. You pay attention to your safety and always put your own safety first."

"I know, Ye Ge."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan returned to the underground again.

The people who were knocked out couldn't wake up so quickly. What Wang Yongsan needed to do was to transfer Dr. Yuan out first.

After all, he had done many things for the Blood Skulls. If Ye Qing and his group saw him, they might take Dr. Yuan away as well.

Wang Yongsan was a man of his word; he would fulfill what he promised Dr. Yuan.

"Dr. Yuan, have you packed your things?"

Wang Yongsan looked at Dr. Yuan's empty hands.

"I'm ready."

Dr. Yuan knew Wang Yongsan's doubts and smiled slightly, "The experimental items are all here. I didn't clear the data; I consider it a gift to the country, reducing my sins. I just made a backup of the research data. With them, I can start over."

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Alright, then I'll send you away from here now."

Returning to the surface.

Wang Yongsan told Dr. Yuan an address and asked him to drive away by himself.

This time, he did not go back underground but waited on the ground for Ye Qing and his group to arrive.

About an hour later, there was a rumble in the distance.


Chapter 451:
Five transport helicopters landed, and then Ye Qing, Chen Qizhi, Ling Yunzhi, along with over forty high-level martial artists at the fifth level of the Congealing Pulse realm or above, disembarked from the transport helicopters.

"Brother Wang, where are the people?"

As soon as they met, Ye Qing asked Wang Yongsan.

"They are down there."

Wang Yongsan led the way and brought them to where the people were.

Looking at a group of unconscious martial artists at the peak of Congealing Pulse realm and forty-plus formidable genetically modified people, Ye Qing and the others were shocked speechless.

"Brother Wang, did you knock out all these people by yourself?"

It must be noted that even Ye Qing, Ling Yunzhi, and Chen Qizhi at the second level of Breaking Orifices realm would find it difficult to eliminate so many high-level martial artists at once.

Moreover,

Almost all these people were unharmed.

This meant that they had no power to resist their opponents and were instantly knocked out.

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and chuckled, "Actually, I played a little trick."

Wang Yongsan explained his method.

Ye Qing and the others looked at him with renewed admiration.

Under such dangerous circumstances, he could still exploit these people's weaknesses and use them to his advantage. This demonstrated exceptional psychological resilience and intelligence.

"Brother Wang, you've done a great deed this time!" Ye Qing said solemnly.

Ling Yunzhi, the head of the Dark Police Department, nodded in agreement:

"That's right. These martial artists should be the elites from at least four to five provinces of Blood Skull. You've wiped them out in one fell swoop, reducing the number of pests lurking within our country from Blood Skull by at least one-fifth."

Wang Yongsan disagreed, "Brother Ye, Director Ling, Uncle Chen, you may not know this, but Blood Skull's strength has likely increased several times over."

"What?"

"How so?"

Ye Qing, Director Ling, and Chen's brows furrowed simultaneously.

Wang Yongsan asked in return, "Brother Ye, do you know why these people gathered here? And why these genetically modified people, who were once martial artists themselves, would willingly undergo modification?"

The three shook their heads.

Wang Yongsan explained, "Because they came here to conduct experiments on the second-generation gene evolution serum."

"The success rate of the experiment is high, and if successful, they will definitely reach the Breaking Orifices realm."

"Even if it fails and they become genetically modified people, using the gene recovery serum will give them a certain chance of breaking through to the Breaking Orifices realm, albeit unable to continue cultivating further."

Wang Yongsan's words were like a thunderbolt from a clear sky, stunning Ye Qing and the others into silence.

The other martial artists who had come along, however, were filled with excitement.

Wang Yongsan led Ye Qing and the others to the laboratory, explaining the process and effects of the experiment in detail.

At the same time, he took them to see the two Breaking Orifices realm martial artists he had killed.

Although they were already dead, their orifices were broken.

The Green Snake genetically modified person couldn't prove whether they had reached the Breaking Orifices realm due to their loss of both arms, but the other person was undoubtedly a martial artist at that level.

"This has caused quite a stir."

Ye Qing and the others exchanged glances, their expressions heavy.


Chapter 452:
They, with their cultivation at the first layer of Broken Orifices, could hold important positions in a province, showing how rare Broken Orifices masters are.

Now, Blood Skull has completed the development of genetic potions ahead of time.

If the country cannot keep up and falls far behind in the number of Broken Orifices masters, it could lead to turmoil not only within the country but also around the world due to Blood Skull's influence.








"Brother Ye, Minister Ling, Uncle Chen, you don't need to worry too much yet. Haven't you noticed that this laboratory is intact?"

Seeing Ye Qiong and the others with heavy expressions, Wang Yongsan couldn't help but laugh.

"Intact?"

"Could it be that all the research materials are still here?"

Wang Yongsan nodded.

Ye Qiong and the others became excited.

If the research materials were still here, after submitting them to the higher-ups, they might provide new insights for the national genetic evolution project.

At that time, it was possible to develop more effective genetic evolution potions.

"Brother Wang, I don't know what to say. If our genetic project makes a breakthrough, your name will definitely be recorded in the history of genetic evolution."

"I'll contact them now and ask them to send someone knowledgeable to receive the materials."

"At the same time, I'll apply for a reward for Brother Wang."

Ye Qiong laughed heartily and asked Wang Yongsan, "Brother Wang, what kind of reward do you want? Tell me; if they dare not give it to you, I won't tell them about this major discovery."

Ye Qiong was, of course, joking.

However, it also showed how excited he was.

Although the second-generation genetic evolution potion could only help those at the Pulse Condensation realm to breakthrough, who could guarantee that future genetic potions wouldn't help Broken Orifices masters break through minor realms?

Ye Qiong was also a martial artist and revered martial prowess.

He had been stuck at the first layer of Broken Orifices for several years and couldn't wait to advance further.

"Brother Ye, I don't need any rewards. I only hope that the country can send a few Broken Orifices masters to protect my family and girlfriend for a few days." Wang Yongsan said solemnly.

Chen Tianlong's protection period was almost over.

In five days, Star Flag Bank might retaliate against him.

Wang Yongsan wasn't worried about himself, but he was afraid that Star Flag Bank would use his family as leverage.

Ye Qiong and the others were aware of this matter.

Upon hearing this, they said, "Your family and girlfriend will be taken care of by me, Old Ling, and Uncle Chen. But what about you? Don't you need protection?"

Wang Yongsan grinned.

"Brother Ye, I'm a Limit Cultivator. How can I breakthrough without facing danger?"

These days, with his reputation exceeding ten million, Wang Yongsan could gain eight points of reckless behavior score every day.

Now he was only 85 points short of reaching the Pulse Condensation peak.

If it followed the previous rules of the reckless behavior system, after purchasing a point from 30 points of physique onwards, the price might require 100 reckless behavior points.

In other words, as long as he had another 185 reckless behavior points, Wang Yongsan could advance to the Broken Orifices realm.

This mission didn't know how many reckless behavior points it would reward.


Chapter 453:
However, according to the daily eight points of credit, excluding the minimum reward of fifty points for the task, at most eighteen days, he could enter the Break Meridian.

Moreover,

The completion of this task was so outstanding that there might be extra rewards.

"Brother Wang, Paul is already a Meridian Four, and now it is said that he has fallen to a small realm, but he is not comparable to us. If you use him as your breakthrough, wouldn't it be too dangerous?"

Ye Qing said correctly.

The Break Meridian, the gap between each small realm is huge.

The difference between Break Meridian Three and One is not at the same level.

However,

The gap between Break Meridian Three and One is no match for the gap between Break Meridian One and Meridian Peak.

Now that Wang Yongsan is at the Meridian Five realm, he can kill a Break Meridian One Blood Skull responsible person. Once he advances to the Break Meridian realm, he should also be able to kill Paul at the Break Meridian Three.

"Don't worry, Ye Ge, I have confidence."

Since Wang Yongsan said this, Ye Qing and others couldn't say anything more.

Next,

Those who carried people carried people, and those who moved equipment moved equipment.

Ye Qing brought down the national gene research scientists, copying all the research materials.

During the copying process, the scientist kept exclaiming and said repeatedly that these madmen's research results were much more radical and effective than those of the court.

Three hours later,

Everyone evacuated.

Wang Yongsan set fire to the laboratory with a torch.

The pleasant system prompt sounded.

"Ding Dong, the task was completed in excess, rewarding 140 points of death credit."

"Beautiful."

Wang Yongsan shouted loudly.

This task, because he killed two Blood Skull responsible persons and captured all the remaining Blood Skull members, so the excess was huge.

Now he has accumulated 455 points of credit.

Wang Yongsan did not hesitate to buy his physique up to 30 points first.

"Buy five points of physique."

"Ding Dong, the physique purchase was successful, consuming 400 points of death credit, the current physique is 30 points."

A comfortable feeling filled his whole body,

Following that was a feeling of explosive power all over his body.

Looking at the credit mall again.

At this time, the physique purchase column had indeed become 100 points per time.

"Wait, why is it 100 points per time instead of 100 points per point of physique?"

"Could it be that, once reaching the Break Meridian realm, whether you can improve your physique depends on luck?"

Wang Yongsan was a little stunned.

If the improvement really depends on luck, it would be better to draw superpowers instead.

After all, drawing an ability only requires ten points of credit.

"Never mind, first accumulate 100 points of credit to try it out. If it really depends on luck, then in the future I will use more credit to draw abilities."

It is still 45 points short of 100 credits.

At eight points per day, it will take another six days.

As long as the action of Star Flag Bank is slightly slower, after six days, once Wang Yongsan advances to the Break Meridian realm, the threat of Star Flag Bank will be completely eliminated.

However,

Curry and Paul have been waiting for this day to come, how could they give him another day?

(Note: "Star Flag Bank" is a fictional organization created by the author. It does not represent any real financial institution.)


Chapter 454:
The following days, Wang Yongsan and the Road Reform Bureau were extremely busy.

On the square in front of the Western Wilderness Municipal Government Building, there were people receiving whipping every day.

Among them, there were even some officials.

The people of Western Wilderness were originally barbaric, and for a while they were rectified in panic. But there were also many people who expressed their support for Wang Yongsan and the Road Reform Bureau.

Especially some young women, even treated Wang Yongsan as a star to chase after.

There were "Wang Yongsan Fan Club" and "Road Reform Bureau Support Group" formed by young women on the Internet, and even more people simply came to Western Wilderness directly to help as free volunteers.

These people went to the bureau every day to help cook and clean.

Stimulated by these young and beautiful girls, many employees of the Road Reform Bureau were like being injected with chicken blood, and their enthusiasm was even greater.

The Road Reform Bureau became increasingly popular among the people.

And the final deadline of five days had finally arrived.

"Is everyone here?"

Inside the underground parking lot of Xingqi Bank, Luoshan Branch.

Paul asked a group of subordinates.

"Mr. Paul, everyone is here, a total of thirty people, all of them are above the eighth level of the Conception Meridian." A subordinate respectfully replied.

"Very good, everyone immediately sets off, I want to personally torture him to death after dawn."

Paul said with a gloomy expression.

Under the light, an empty sleeve was particularly eye-catching.








"Hello, Mr. Chen, why did you call me?"

Wang Yongsan was packing his things when he suddenly received a phone call from Chen Tianlong.

As expected, Chen Tianlong's call was indeed because the one-month deadline had arrived.

"Boy, our agreed time is almost up, if I continue to help you, Xingqi Bank may no longer give me face, after tonight, you have to be careful on your own."

There was actually some concern in Chen Tianlong's words.

Wang Yongsan had already prepared, and he was not surprised to hear this.

"Thank you Mr. Chen for protecting me during this month, I have thought of a solution to the remaining matters."

Before evening, Ye Qing had already called.

He and Ling Yunzhi were responsible for secretly protecting Lao Wang and Mama Wang.

As a practitioner of the second level of Breaking Meridians, Chen Qiyi was responsible for going to school to sit in town.

During these days, 30% of the undercover police and江湖监管部 personnel in Lu Shan Province would enter a mission state, responsible for guarding the surrounding area of Longtai to prevent unfamiliar martial artists, especially foreign martial artists from entering or leaving.

After hanging up Chen Tianlong's phone call.

It wasn't even five minutes before Ye Qing called again.

"Ye Ge, did something happen over there?" Wang Yongsan became nervous.

He was not afraid of his own danger, but he was worried that his family would be implicated.

Fortunately, Ye Qing's answer was not too bad.

"I didn't have any situation here, but I just received news that Paul has arranged thirty peak Conception Meridian practitioners to go to Western Wilderness, probably because he was afraid you would escape in advance, so he sent these people to intercept you first."

Wang Yongsan was packing his things, preparing to go out and hide for a day.

As long as he passed the zero hour of tomorrow night, his "death points" would be enough to purchase a physical constitution.

In order to reduce some accidents, Wang Yongsan had even prepared the reason for "going on a business trip".


Chapter 455:
"Don't worry, Brother Ye. I have everything prepared. They are only taking action now, it's too late."

"Alright, I trust you. Just be careful and let me know if anything goes wrong. We won't let him get away with whatever he wants to do."

Ye Qing and others, even the country itself, could protect Wang Yongsan.

But how long would they have to protect him?

Even if someone protected him 24/7, the other party was at the third level of breaking acupoints and could still find an opportunity for assassination.

As the saying goes, "You can catch a thief for a thousand days, but you cannot guard against a thief for a thousand days."

The matter of Xingqi Bank would always be a major problem for Wang Yongsan if it was not resolved. It would be better to solve it as soon as possible.

Wang Yongsan took a taxi and left Xihai.

He was afraid of being tracked without knowing it, so he did not go to Longtai for refuge but went to BS City, which was three hours away by car.

Just as he left, the people from Xingqi Bank arrived at his residence.

"Not here?"

"Did he escape already?"

"Let's go to the Road Improvement Bureau and ask his subordinates."

Thirty people quickly searched every place Wang Yongsan might appear, and finally arrived at the Road Improvement Bureau's dormitory.

It was already late at night, and the employees of the Road Improvement Bureau were sleeping when suddenly there was a sound of breaking doors from outside.

"Who is it?"

An orange cat-like employee suddenly sat up from the bed.

However, before he could even see what was happening clearly, he was already controlled by the intruders.

"Tell me where Wang Yongsan is now!"

"Who are you guys? I don't know where the director is!"

"Hmph, still daring to be stubborn? It seems like you need to taste some pain."

"What do you want to do? Ah..."

The same thing happened in the other employee dormitories.

Wang Yongsan had told some of his subordinates about his departure, but he only said that he was going on a business trip and did not mention where he was going. Even if someone confessed, they would not know Wang Yongsan's exact whereabouts.

Moreover, even if they were tortured and interrogated, none of Wang Yongsan's subordinates chose to betray him.

They did not find anyone, and Wang Yongsan escaped.

The news reached Linjiang, where Paul was having breakfast at his table.

Paul suddenly slammed the table in anger.

"Damn it! If we can't find him, then think of another way. Catch his family, catch his women. I don't believe he can be unfeeling towards them!"

Paul's eyes turned red as he shouted into the phone.

His subordinate trembled and said, "Mr. Paul, we have already sent people to do this, but they were stopped before reaching Longtai. It is now under martial law there. Moreover, I got information from one of his traffic police followers that he went to Bai Shan, but I don't know where exactly in Bai Shan."

BS City had an area of over a thousand square kilometers and millions of people in the city alone. Even if Paul's men could search every corner, he would not have the patience to do so.

"If we can't catch his family, then catch his subordinates. He has a Road Improvement Bureau, right? It's highly praised. Let's destroy them!"

"But, this is a department of the Chinese nation. If we openly attack it, isn't that..."

The subordinate was worried. Even last night's arrest was done secretly under the cover of darkness.


Chapter 456:
If they openly move against a national department, the consequences will be unbearable for them.

"Idiot, were you raised in a barn? If you can't move openly against them, why don't you hide your identity and act? Do I have to hold your hand and teach you how to do it?"

Paul slammed his fist on the table in anger.

With a little effort, the dining table was reduced to rubble.

He got up angrily and shouted, "From now on, you must control all the people from the Department of Road Reform immediately. Create an impact to let him know that we are targeting his department. I'm going to the Western Wilderness right now. As soon as he shows up, I will catch him personally."

Suddenly,

The Western Wilderness was in turmoil again.

This time, it was still related to the Department of Road Reform, but this time they became the ones being dealt with.

"The Department of Road Reform has aroused public anger, and the Black Alliance leads the resistance."

"Producing fake videos, the Department of Road Reform is not as fair and impartial as rumored."

"The website has been delayed for a long time, when will the public be able to obtain true information?"

"Turning the tables on them, this time it's their turn from the Department of Road Reform to be flogged."

"Public opinion is the will of the country, those who lose public support, even with national backing, will not last long."

"The masses spontaneously organized a demonstration, demanding punishment for the Department of Road Reform's misuse of flogging, and the entire public security force was deployed to prevent large-scale riots."

...

One piece of information after another was released and quickly spread throughout the country.

The spectators didn't know what had happened, but many people were quick to believe rumors and, under the influence of water army soldiers, began to slander the Department of Road Reform.

Especially when,

At this moment, the website of the Department of Road Reform was almost ready but not officially launched. The public couldn't get correct video guidance and easily believed the water army's words.

The network, which had finally calmed down for a few days, was arguing again.

"Wang Yongsan's Fan Club" and "Department of Road Reform Support Group" took the lead, cheering for the Department of Road Reform.

On the other side were Zhou's lackeys and internet water army, who created fake events crazily to slander the Department of Road Reform.

Wang Yongsan looked at the online discussions and sneered, "They actually use such childish means. Do they really think I care about face? Naive."

Little did he know,

Paul and his subordinates had prepared even more radical methods to force him out.








Paul's subordinates, dressed in black and wearing black ski masks, took the employees of the Department of Road Reform hostage online to start a vote.

As long as the approval votes exceeded 100,000 against opposition votes within 24 hours, they would take justice into their own hands and flog the employees of the Department of Road Reform.

On the contrary, if the opposition votes exceeded 100,000, they would release these employees from the Department of Road Reform.

The voting began,

Within ten minutes, the approval votes were already leading by more than 10,000.

At this rate, let alone 24 hours, the employees of the Department of Road Reform might be flogged in less than two hours.

"Mr. Paul, in the Western Wilderness, our Zhou family is the local snake. With us helping to create public opinion and the water army's slander, even if you beat these lackeys to death, no one will blame you."

"But, you should be careful of the higher-ups. The Department of Road Reform is a national department after all. What if instructions come down from the top?"


Chapter 457:
Zhou Jiatang, the head of the Zhou family, was facing Paul at this moment, showing respect like a dog.

"You don't need to worry about this. Our board of directors has already joined forces with multiple countries to address some hidden issues and initiated a visit to your country's authorities. At least for today, they won't have time to manage our affairs here."

Paul was sitting on the sofa in the Zhou family's living room, with his eyes half-closed and a lazy expression on his face.

Imposing whipping on Dao Gai Bureau employees wasn't his goal.

His aim was to use this method to tarnish the image of Dao Gai Bureau and slap Wang Yongsan in the face.

If Wang Yongsan cared about his subordinates or his reputation, he should have been forced out by the voting results.

Zhou Jiatang wore a smirk on his face and nodded repeatedly, "That's right, that's right. The power of your bank is such that even our country's authorities would have to yield by three points."

These words made Paul feel good.

He smiled and looked at Zhou Jiatang, nodding, "You're not bad."

It was just a simple phrase, but Zhou Jiatang felt as if he had heard it and almost didn't know his own name from the joy.

At that moment,

Zhou Yiming rushed in hurriedly.

"Elder brother, something's not right!"

Zhou Jiatang was enjoying the praise from the foreign leader when he suddenly heard his brother's anxious voice, and his face immediately darkened.

"Look at you, how can you speak like that? I've told you many times to stay calm in the face of things."

"Yes, yes, but elder brother, the voting is about to reverse. If we don't act soon, it will be too late." Zhou Yiming said with a bitter face.

Paul heard this information, and his brows furrowed as well.

"You mean reverse? What do you mean by that?"

Before Paul could speak, Zhou Jiatang shouted.

"Waste! Didn't I tell you to hire water armies? Do you even take my words seriously?"

Zhou Yiming complained, "Brother, how could I not hire water armies? Not only did I hire them, but I also hired five water army companies at once. The votes have already reached a million, but the other side is cheating even more!"

This time, before Paul could speak, Zhou Jiatang roared.

"They cheat more? Then you just need to cheat even more! Do I need to teach you this?"

"But if we cheat too much, won't it seem fake?"

Zhou Yiming said weakly.

After all, he still had a bit of conscience left.

Zhou Jiatang's face was dark, and he shouted coldly, "Fake? So what if it is? This is a big matter for Paul and the Star Flag Bank. If you mess this up for me, I won't let you off!"

"Yes, brother, I'll continue to hire people right away and make sure we crush them!"

Zhou Yiming took his orders and left.

On the other side,

Wang Yongsan held the phone and praised the person on the other end with a smile, "Senior, your company's strength is truly impressive. It's been less than half an hour, and we've already reversed the lead. But we still need to work harder, aiming to completely crush them and prevent any more tricks from them."

The person on the other end sighed, "Junior, how could I have such great power? Actually, in the voting just now, we only voted for less than one-fifth of the total. We don't know who cast the rest of the votes."


Chapter 458:
"Ah? Like this ah?”

Wang Yongsan hesitated for a moment, but soon thought of Chen Ran.

Her family was rich, and it must be her who helped find the water army.

Although this young lady had a bad temper, she could occasionally do something thoughtful.

The votes were locked in a tug of war, with the numbers increasing more and more. Suddenly, there was a sharp increase in votes on one side, and the other immediately made up for it.

Every few seconds, both sides would increase by nearly ten thousand votes each.

One misstep and everything could be lost.

——My God, the votes are almost over a billion.

——One side has passed a billion, so both sides have two billion. How many people are there in China?

——The two sides are obviously cheating too much on votes.

——It's only been six hours now, I wonder if it will exceed fourteen billion after twenty-four hours.

——Hahaha, maybe we can vote up to fifty-nine billion.

On the internet, people began to make jokes.

Now there are not many people paying attention to the flogging, and more people are looking forward to seeing which side will win in the cheating vote.

Zhou's family,

Monday Ying was sweating profusely.

So far, she had hired twenty-one vote-buying companies big and small, but still could only draw with the other side.

At this time, he couldn't find any new vote-buying companies anymore.

Paul initially just wanted to use voting as a way to exert pressure on Wang Yongsan, making him feel that his subordinates could be flogged at any time, deliberately scaring him, so he agreed to the Zhou family doing this.

But I didn't expect that the vote would be deadlocked for such a long time.

Now not only did it not exert pressure on the other side, but it seemed that his own side was under a lot of pressure.

“Idiot, can you do it?”

Paul got angry.

If the Zhou family hadn't insisted on joining in the fun, he could have carried out the flogging even if he was forced to do it. No one would say anything about it.

But now, he has been waiting for half a day, and if he waits any longer, it will be dark.

“Second Master, why don't we find a hacker?”

The Zhou family's old butler suddenly suggested.

Monday Ying's eyes lit up.

Yes.

Find a hacker, slow down the other side's voting speed, and then he can win.

“Say, do you know any hackers? Where is it, let him come out quickly.” Monday Ying grabbed the butler's collar and said anxiously.

He had already contacted more vote-buying companies, and if he played a little longer, he was afraid of losing.

“Second Master, don't worry, I have already contacted him for you, as long as you agree, I will immediately let him destroy the other side's voting channel.”

“Agree, I agree, let him do it quickly.”

“Yes.”

The butler took orders and went to make a phone call.

Monday Ying nervously looked at the voting numbers on the computer, less than a minute later, the other side's vote growth suddenly slowed down.

“Hahaha, it worked, we won.”

After a fierce battle of ten hours from noon to night, it was finally successful.

Paul gritted his teeth and said viciously: “Spread the news for me, at twelve o'clock tonight, in front of the municipal building square, flog the people from the Road Reform Bureau. If their director doesn't come back by then——”

“I will whip his employees to death.”









Chapter 459:
"If he dares not come back, I'll beat his employees to death."

Paul gritted his teeth and said.

The reason for choosing twelve o'clock was that there would definitely be fewer spectators than during the day or in the early hours of the night.

Although he would definitely wear a mask to hide his identity at that time,

having fewer people around was undoubtedly better than having more.

The news spread quickly.

Wang Yongsan had been paying attention to this matter, so of course he knew about it.

"Twelve o'clock, you really know how to choose the time," Wang Yongsan said with a seemingly amused tone.

His daily reputation reward points were issued at twelve o'clock.

Although he couldn't guarantee that he would definitely advance to Breakthrough Cavity,

he wouldn't just watch his subordinates be humiliated either.

If necessary, she could pretend to be dead.

The phone rang,

"Hello, ShaSha."

"Yongsan, don't be impulsive. Those people must have targeted you. They are deliberately provoking you to go back. Don't fall for their trap."

On the phone, Luo Yusha's tone was quite tense.

She was a smart person. Although she didn't know the strength and identity of the other party,

she could see that these people were targeting Wang Yongsan.

"Don't worry, ShaSha. If I didn't have confidence, I would have already found someone to deal with them long ago. Don't forget, I am the director of the Dao Gai Bureau and a national official."

Wang Yongsan's words didn't make Luo Yusha feel at ease.

"Yongsan, you must listen to me. There are so many crazy people now; who knows if they care about your identity? Moreover, even the police don't bother to manage them. It seems that these people's identities are not ordinary either."

Luo Yusha analyzed correctly.

However, the police didn't take action because the police in Xih荒 were on Zhou's side.

They had a grudge against the Dao Gai Bureau and wished all the people from the Dao Gai Bureau would die. Even if Paul wasn't someone from Xingqi Bank, they wouldn't have intervened.

"Okay, I know. Anyway, just remember that I won't die. If I do die, you can beat me up like last time and bring me back to life."

"Yongsan, don't do anything rash..."

"Hello? What did you say? This broken phone has no signal after falling,... ShaSha, can you hear me? It's fine; I'll hang up first."

Wang Yongsan acted as if he was saying something and then hung up directly.

He also turned off his phone.

At night,

11:50 PM.

The Dao Gai Bureau's reformers were one by one dragged to the "execution ground."

Paul thought that there wouldn't be many people watching at this time, but he clearly underestimated the curiosity of the Chinese people.

Although there were fewer people on the square than during the day, there were still hundreds of them.

Among them, many people held red banners.

When they saw the Dao Gai Bureau people being dragged out, they immediately swarmed over.

"Let them go! They are good people!"

"You shameless bastards, why do you get to punish the Dao Gai Bureau people?"

"You're not going to hurt our heroes unless you step over my dead body!"

"Dao Gai is innocent, release them immediately!"

"Dao Gai is innocent, release them immediately..."

The slogans echoed loudly.


Chapter 460:
```
Public opinion may be swayed, but people's hearts are not so easily deceived.

The actions of the Road Reform Bureau, the people from Western Wilderness, and those female volunteers were all witnessed firsthand.

Everyone they arrested had committed crimes severe enough to warrant punishment.

They were fearless of power and influence.

They treated everyone equally.

Their actions have already earned the respect and admiration of all those who truly understand them.

That is why, in their time of peril, so many people stood before them to protect them.

"Your Excellency Paul, what should we do now?"

Faced with so many people blocking their way, Paul's men were at a loss.

They couldn't possibly cripple everyone.

"Damn it, carry on as planned. Anyone who dares to stop us, break their legs directly. I refuse to believe that the Chinese people have such strong resolve. If we cripple ten or eight of them, the others will naturally be scared away."

"Yes."

Paul's men agreed and were about to leave when they were stopped by Zhou Yitang, who was also dressed in black.

"Wait a moment."

He approached Paul and respectfully suggested, "Your Excellency Paul, I have a plan to divert these people."

"Oh? Tell me about it first."

In his heart, Paul was also worried that these people wouldn't be scared away. After all, in Chinese history, there have been more than a few instances of people with strong resolve.

Some individuals in this country could be so humble as to lick the boots of those above them like dogs.

However, there were also some people whose bones were harder than steel bars.

This was a contradictory country with too many different types of citizens. If he lost this bet and hurt too many people, the Chinese authorities might not let it go easily.

Zhou Yitang whispered something in Paul's ear.

"You're sure this will work?" Paul was skeptical.

Zhou Yitang confidently replied, "Don't worry. I know the people from our country well. Some of them are soft-hearted and won't take kindly to forceful methods. If it doesn't work, you can always break their legs later."

"Alright, then I'll give you a chance to prove yourself."

"Thank you, thank you, Your Excellency Paul."

Zhou Yitang repeatedly thanked him before quickly leaving the scene.

At that moment,

The people holding banners had already formed a confrontation with Paul's men.

Just then, three figures flew over and landed directly between the two sides.

"I am Zhou Yitang from the Zhou family. My fellow masked heroes, if you are targeting the Road Reform Bureau, that's one thing. But today, anyone who dares to harm a single finger of our Western Wilderness citizens will be an enemy of the Zhou family."

The Zhou family?

It was people from the Zhou family?

The reputation of the Zhou family in Western Wilderness was akin to that of a god or emperor, representing the ruling class. Unexpectedly, in this situation, they would step forward voluntarily.

Zhou Yitang turned around and bowed to the crowd, solemnly stating:

"Dear citizens, although our Zhou family also disapproves of the actions of the Road Reform Bureau, as native sons and daughters of Western Wilderness, we from the Zhou family will never allow random outsiders to bully our people on our own doorstep."

"Today, I, Zhou Yitang, take responsibility for this matter."

"It's already quite late now. Please go home, dear citizens. As long as the Zhou family is here, we guarantee that not a single hair on any Road Reform Bureau member will be harmed."

A commotion broke out among the crowd.
```


Chapter 461:
Zhou Yitang's words were incredibly righteous.

They had originally been in conflict with the Dao Gai Bureau, but for their own citizens, they stepped forward to support their enemies.

This united front against outsiders quickly gained them a large number of fans.

However...

While they were fans, the people present would not stop until their goal was achieved.

With the Zhou family backing them up, these people became even more demanding and raised their expectations.

"Family Head Zhou, we support you. Make these people release the Dao Gai Bureau members immediately and then let them leave Xixuan."

"Yes, we support you."

"Release the Dao Gai Bureau members and leave Xixuan."

Zhou Yitang wiped away a bead of sweat.

Plan One had failed.

But he was someone who loved to use cunning schemes; if one plan didn't work, he would immediately come up with another.

At this moment,

Wang Yongsan was wearing a flat cap and hiding behind the crowd, waiting to see his performance.








Sometimes Wang Yongsan focused more on people than events.

Even if someone did something good, he would still consider whether they had other motives.

Zhou Yitang's actions seemed to be caring for the people, but Wang Yongsan knew that there was more than met the eye.

However,

The next moment,

Zhou Yitang's sudden action left Wang Yongsan puzzled.

He actually started fighting with the other side.

And,

He was even pinned to the ground and rubbed against it.

"What the hell? Is this for real?"

Wang Yongsan was initially stunned.

But when he used his cat's eye to look over, he realized that it wasn't what he had seen.

Those foreign devils with masks, although they seemed fierce in their attacks, didn't use internal strength at all; they only relied on punches and kicks that couldn't hurt Zhou Yitang.

"This guy, he's definitely collaborating with Xingqi Bank, and now he's even performing a bitter drama. He probably wants to win over the people's hearts, right?"

Wang Yongsan guessed correctly.

Due to the Dao Gai Bureau's suppression, the Zhou family had been going through a tough time recently.

By performing like this, apart from gaining the public's support, Zhou Yitang also wanted to win over the hearts of the Dao Gai Bureau members.

In that case, once Wang Yongsan was killed by Paul, their Zhou family might be able to take over the Dao Gai Bureau smoothly.

Zhou Yitang thought well, and his performance was excellent as well.

He was 'pinned to the ground and rubbed against', yet he didn't forget to shout to the crowd around him: "Everyone, don't be impulsive. Leave quickly. These people are martial artists who kill without blinking. You can't fight against them."

"You go first. I have a way to escape safely. If you don't leave, I will be caught by them too."

"Hurry up and go. If you don't leave, I will be beaten to death."

To make his performance more convincing, he even used internal strength to force out a mouthful of bright red blood.

The scarlet blood sprayed out, and the people present were infected by his 'courageous spirit'.

"Where is Director Wang?"

"His people were captured, but it was the Zhou family head who stepped forward to protect them."

"We followed the wrong person."

Many girls cried.


Chapter 462:
They were already sentimental and mostly from out of town, with limited knowledge about the Zhou family. Seeing how 'severely' Zhou Yitang was beaten, they all felt compassionate and wanted to help.

"Quickly leave! You should go now if you don't want to get me killed!"

Zhou Yitang's voice was hoarse.

The girls holding the banner retreated together.

Some of them wiped their tears, looking back three times a step.

They didn't want to leave but for the 'hero' not to be implicated. They decided to go and take others with them as well.

Paul's face showed a satisfied smile. This Chinese loyal dog was still useful, not in vain for his two praises of the other party.

In Paul's view, saying a compliment to a dog was already a great favor.

"Prepare! It's been over a minute. Once they are slightly farther away, execute immediately. If that boy doesn't come, keep whipping until all his people are dead."

"Yes, sir!"

Receiving the order, several foreigners who had just practiced whip techniques stepped forward with their whips.

The people wanting to rush up and continue to stop were blocked by those 'female fans'.

"What do you want to do? Can't you see that the Zhou family head is about to collapse?"

"The director doesn't even come to visit when his employees are in trouble. Why should we take the lead?"

"I'm talking to you. Don't you still want to move forward and get the Zhou family head killed?"

"Stop him!"

Someone didn't listen to the advice and moved forward directly. Several young girls immediately ran over to stop them.

However, when they saw the person's appearance clearly, those young girls were petrified as if turned to stone, unable to move at all.

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly at them and whispered, "Don't rush to leave. I will show you a good show."

A good show?

At this time, the Zhou family head was almost beaten to death. He still wants us to watch a good show?

The young girls were angry. They loved quickly but also hated quickly. In an instant, they categorized Wang Yongsan as a scum.

"Director Wang, we really misjudged you!"

A girl cried and said. Her friend beside her also gritted her teeth and cursed, "You still call him the director? I think it should be called Wang Scum. No wonder someone called him Recharge Three before. He is so ungrateful that he doesn't deserve the word 'moral' at all!"

Wang Yongsan shook his head, feeling speechless. Although these young girls were not much younger than him, due to their different experiences, they were still innocent and easily deceived by Zhou Yitang's old fox tricks, which was normal.

Wang Yongsan didn't say much and directly walked towards the field.

"Quickly leave! I can't hold on much longer!" Zhou Yitang was still acting.

In fact, he had already succeeded very well in deceiving 99% of the people to leave.

But for acting, you have to do it thoroughly. He couldn't suddenly stand up and run away, right?

Wang Yongsan squatted beside him, lowered his voice and said, "Hey, Zhou family head, you're too immersed in your acting. Your clothes are on fire!"

Huh? On fire? No, this voice… Could it be?

Zhou Yitang quickly raised his head and saw under the cap, wasn't it exactly the person he and Paul were looking for?

"It's you? Director Wang..."


Chapter 463:
As Monday Tang was about to shout loudly, Wang Yongsan suddenly snapped his fingers.

A stream of qi shot out from the tip of his index finger, resembling a bullet, and struck Monday Tang's face in an instant.

A faint sound echoed twice.

When they looked again, there were two thumb-sized blood holes on Monday Tang's face. The words he was about to say were abruptly cut off.

"Mr. Zhou, you should take a look at yourself first. I told you that you were on fire. Do you have to wait for the flames to reach your eyebrows before you become anxious?" Wang Yongsan said with a playful smile.

Mr. Zhou finally realized and looked down to see that his clothes were indeed ablaze with red flames.

What the hell?

Out of nowhere, his clothes caught fire!

Mr. Zhou was utterly confused.

Wang Yongsan shook his head, "It seems that only when the fire reaches your eyebrows will you become anxious."

As he spoke, a red flame danced in his eyes, and instantly two identical red flames appeared on Monday Tang's eyebrows.

Now that the fire was directly burning his eyebrows, Monday Tang felt the pain and finally became anxious.

He let out a shrill scream and swung his hand to slap the red flames on his eyebrows.

However, these flames were directly condensed from fire elements; although the red flames weren't hot, they couldn't be extinguished by a simple slap. Moreover, due to his swatting, the flames stuck to his hand.

"Aaaaaah! Help me! I'm on fire! Water, water, give me water quickly!"

Monday Tang rolled around on the ground, then jumped up and ran around frantically looking for water to extinguish the fire.

Everyone around was stunned, including the small girls who were also a bit puzzled.

Isn't he almost dead?

Isn't every movement difficult?

But the voice sounds so full of energy.

The running speed is faster than Liu Xiang by several times.

Was he really about to die just now?








Some things cannot withstand scrutiny.

The enmity between the Zhou family and Wang Yongsan, as well as the Reform Bureau, is known to all in the Western Wilderness.

He came back to help the Reform Bureau?

Not even ghosts would believe that.

"I knew it, how could Monday Tang take a beating for the Reform Bureau?"

"Probably to win our favor, pretending to be beaten badly, right?"

"If they really collaborated with each other, then what about these black-clothed people?"

Upon thinking this through, everyone felt a chill.

These black-clothed people are actually from the Zhou family; they couldn't defeat the Reform Bureau in public, so they used this method to stir up trouble behind their backs.

No wonder everyone was wearing masks.

"What's going on? Why did Mr. Zhou come back to life?"

"Idiot, it's a case of potential being unleashed when the fire reaches your eyebrows."

"Quick, quick, you guys are talking nonsense! Who has water? Go extinguish the fire for Mr. Zhou quickly!"

The out-of-town small girls hadn't reacted yet.

However, the people who were stopped by them understood what had happened.

After a brief explanation, the small girls realized that the Zhou family was the most hostile to the Reform Bureau and that these masked black-clothed people might also be sent by the Zhou family.

</>


Chapter 464:
"——No wonder Director Wang had us watch the show, he already knew what was going on.

All the little girls, after learning the truth, felt a bit of regret.

Just now, they had complained about Wang Yongsan for not standing up for their own kind.

It seems that Director Wang must have known about this from the start, and only now revealed everything to expose the shamelessness of the Zhou family.

The power of fans is truly amazing.

Wang Yongsan was only stalling for time by appearing now, but under the girls' analysis, it became a well-planned action.

He had courage and strategy;

He had righteousness and looks;

He had height and a wealthy background;

His age was also at the peak of youth.

Many girls' eyes sparkled with admiration and affection as they looked at Wang Yongsan.

Paul saw the Zhou family's place on fire and suddenly realized something.

Upon closer inspection, he confirmed that the person was indeed his enemy whom he had been thinking about day and night for a month.

"F*ck."

He cursed loudly and suddenly rushed out from the crowd, throwing a punch at Wang Yongsan.

To strike first was his strategy learned from China.

This time, without the Frost Guard Necklace, he dared not wait for Wang Yongsan's flames to be released.

However,

There is a saying in China: "A scholar who has parted for three days should be looked at with new eyes."

Today's Wang Yongsan, who had parted for thirty days, was no longer the chicken he could ambush and severely injure.

"F*ck your sister."

Wang Yongsan threw a punch in the same posture.

With the power of Qi cultivation, this punch was twice as powerful as a regular Break Pore First Layer inner energy release.

The two punches collided, creating an explosion no less powerful than a hand grenade.

A loud 'boom' echoed.

Three Break Meridian Peak fighters near the explosion center were blown away by the residual force of the punch.

Wang Yongsan took five steps back before stabilizing himself, without a single sign of injury.

"What? This is impossible."

Paul's eyes were wide with shock.

When he suddenly saw Wang Yongsan, his hatred had blinded him, and he didn't carefully examine his cultivation level. Now he realized that the other party was already at Break Pore First Layer.

In a month's time,

From Break Meridian Fifth Layer to Break Pore realm.

Such a training speed was unscientific.

"You are Jin Si Hou, right? I heard you've been looking for me and wanted to bully my people. Now that I'm here, try attacking again."

Wang Yongsan stood there confidently.

Although he was at a complete disadvantage in the previous inner energy clash, his cultivation level was only meant to ensure self-preservation.

His true killing move was the white gold flame.

Paul clearly knew this, and although he was shocked and angry upon hearing Wang Yongsan's words, he did not impulsively launch an attack.

"Everyone, attack together!"

With a command,

Thirty Break Meridian Peak fighters rushed towards Wang Yongsan.

A random punch could kill a master, but when faced with Wang Yongsan who had cat's eye ability, the chaotic punches seemed like a joke to him.

"""


Chapter 465:
He is now one major realm higher than these people, and with the cat's eye, he could easily handle thirty of them. Even if there were another thirty, it would be impossible for them to harm him.

"A bunch of golden monkeys, acting so arrogantly in our country? You're just asking for death."

Wang Yongsan punched one after another like playing with vegetables, and in a twinkling of an eye, he had knocked down more than ten peak-level fighters.

At that moment,

A powerful force suddenly attacked from his diagonal front.

Paul grinned ferociously: "Hahaha, you're too focused on your surroundings. You'll die now!"

Wang Yongsan's cat's eye had already detected the opponent's movement.

His body reacted in advance, easily dodging the attack.

Boom!

Flesh and blood flew everywhere.

Wang Yongsan had avoided the attack, but one of his peak-level opponents was accidentally killed by it.

A full-strength punch from a third-tier practitioner shattered the man into pieces.

Limbs were scattered,

Blood rained down.

The onlookers finally realized that this was not just an ordinary martial arts fight but a life-and-death battle.

"Die for me! Die!"

Paul was crazed, punching one after another without caring about his subordinates attacking Wang Yongsan.

All these attacks were dodged by Wang Yongsan, while four peak-level fighters were killed or injured.

For a moment,

The remaining peak-level fighters scattered in all directions, no longer daring to approach.

"Damn it! I must kill you today!"

Paul was increasingly shocked by the fight.

He understood that if he didn't kill his opponent, once the flames were released, it would be certain death.

But he couldn't run away either,

Because turning your back on the enemy is also a suicidal act.

So he could only choose to rush forward, hoping to use more flexible close-quarters combat to kill Wang Yongsan.

When he had rushed halfway, less than ten meters away from Wang Yongsan, he suddenly saw the other party take out something.

It was an egg-sized purple crystal that radiated a brilliant light.

"This is... Xuan Qi?"

Paul realized something, but it was too late.

Because at this time, Wang Yongsan had opened his mouth and uttered two calm syllables: "Duo Hun."

The purple light flashed and entered Paul's mind.

In an instant, he seemed to feel his skin tightening rapidly, followed by unbearable pain.

He wanted to struggle, but he had no control over his body. The feeling of despair was even more unbearable than the physical pain.

Finally,

As the pain on his body disappeared, his consciousness began to fade away slowly.

"Is this a mental attack Xuan Qi?"

"Kill him, and that treasure will be mine!"

In the last moments of his life, Paul's consciousness was still thinking about taking others' things.

However, a gentle breeze blew by.

His ashes and evil thoughts were scattered with the wind.








[3]

Paul was dead.

The thirty peak-level fighters he brought were also eliminated by a third, and more than half of the remaining twenty peak-level fighters were injured severely.

On the other side,


Chapter 466:
In the midst of Monday Class, his body ablaze with red flames, he had yet to be completely consumed by the fire.

"Aaah! Have mercy, I know I was wrong, please spare my life."

A traitor is more detestable than an enemy.

"Spare you?"

Wang Yongsan looked at him coldly and said, "If it were just against me, I would have given you a few lashes. But you conspired with foreigners to harm your own kind; what reason do I have to spare you?"

"No, I was wrong, I won't dare again, I don't want to die."

Zhou Yitang's voice grew hoarse.

His trachea had been burned, and he was now completely engulfed in flames.

The piercing screams frightened the onlookers.

Wang Yongsan stretched out his right hand and made a grasping motion in the air.

Ten meters away, a man at the peak of the Chong Mai with a mask on was sucked into his grasp in an instant.

"Everyone, take note. These people are foreigners from the Star Banner Bank who wish to disrupt our society and undermine our moral alliance. The Zhou family is a modern-day traitor, serving as their lackeys."

Wang Yongsan tore off the mask of the man at the peak of the Chong Mai.

A completely Western face appeared before the crowd.

There was a collective gasp.

The people who were supposed to punish the Dao Gai Bureau were actually foreigners.

Everyone had initially thought they were sent by the Zhou family, but the reality was even more difficult to accept than imagined.

In the vast land of China, with five thousand years of history.

When did it become the turn of foreigners to dictate our affairs?

Could it be that we were going to relive the humiliation of the Qing Dynasty?

No,

It's impossible.

"Well done for killing him."

"Zhou Yitang, the dog traitor, living is just a waste of air."

"Burn these foreigners alive and let them know that our China is not a place they can cause chaos in."

"Foreigners, get out of our land."

The crowd was united in their anger, with everyone's blood boiling.

If it weren't for Wang Yongsan's return today, if the people from Dao Gai Bureau were beaten by these foreigners, it would not only have hurt their bodies but also the pride of Dao Gai Bureau and all Chinese people.

After decades,

Today, we finally stood up again, how could we allow these foreigners to act tyrannically as before?

Cries of killing filled the air.

Wang Yongsan had initially intended to disable these people, but with the crowd's sentiment, he dared not go against it.

"Since everyone wants them dead, what's wrong with me killing them?"

"I won't offend those who don't offend me, but if they dare to cause trouble in our Chinese territory, they should be prepared to die."

"Kill them all!"

Blue flames rose from Wang Yongsan's eyes.

His intelligence had reached 22 points, and his spiritual strength was so strong that he could control eleven blue flames simultaneously.

In an instant, eleven people at the peak of Chong Mai became blue human torches.

"Run!"

"Split up and run!"

The eight people who had not been set on fire yet ran for their lives.

Unfortunately,

Wang Yongsan was already a master of breaking acupoints.


Chapter 467:
Under the release of internal energy, every punch sent a child flying. Eight peak-level practitioners of the meridian-opening realm left their backs exposed to Wang Yongsan, who killed them without giving them a chance to struggle.

Looking at the fallen group on the ground, Wang Yongsan's anger subsided.

"Damn it, I killed so many people, and they were foreigners too. This is a big deal."

After calming down, Wang Yongsan couldn't help but frown.

As an international force, Star Flag Bank would likely punish him according to the usual practices of the authorities.

And it wouldn't be a light punishment.

"When the time comes, we shall cross that bridge. Since they're already dead, what's the use of thinking so much?"

With a gritted teeth, Wang Yongsan decided to be fearless.

He walked towards the crowd and stood ten meters away from them.

With a bow, he said, "Everyone, you should have seen what happened today. The Zhou family colluded with foreign forces to overthrow our moral reform. Please go back and reveal the truth on the internet, letting everyone know that we at the Dao Reform Bureau will never betray our people."

Wang Yongsan's words were immediately supported by everyone present.

Especially the young girls, who were teary-eyed and deeply regretted their misunderstanding of Wang Yongsan.

"Director Wang, please forgive us!"

The girls apologized with tears in their eyes.

Wang Yongsan had not blamed them, so he smiled and comforted them.

It was getting late.

After seeing off the crowd, Wang Yongsan checked on his employees' conditions before returning to rest.

Having advanced to the Break Meridian realm, he could finally sleep soundly tonight.

The next day,

Wang Yongsan was woken up by the ringing of his phone while still half-asleep.

"Hello?"

He answered the call with his eyes closed.

Then he heard Ye Qing's frustrated voice on the other end.

"Brother Wang, you caused such a big incident last night, and I couldn't sleep at all. How can you still be sleeping?"

Wang Yongsan felt relieved instantly.

"Ah? Is that you, Brother Ye? What big incident are you talking about? What happened?"

Ye Qing said with exasperation, "What do you think happened? Last night, in a fit of rage, you killed 31 'foreign friends' by burning and beating them. One of them was even a director of Star Flag Bank, and now it's become an international diplomatic incident."

Wang Yongsan's expression darkened.

He wasn't afraid of fighting with foreign enemies; what he feared was the lack of trust and even backstabbing from his own people.

"Brother Ye, what's the situation now? Am I going to be punished by my superiors?"

Ye Qing sighed deeply.

Hearing this response, Wang Yongsan felt that he would definitely be punished to appease the situation.

But unexpectedly,

Ye Qing suddenly burst into laughter.

"Brother Wang, why would they punish you? Star Flag Bank acted recklessly on our territory and even attempted to undermine the Dao Reform Bureau directly under the authorities. Such a humiliating act would have been dealt with by the state if it weren't for the need to consider international public opinion. Why would they punish you?"

"Really?"

Wang Yongsan asked in surprise, "So it means I can kill them without any consequences?"

Ye Qing's voice was filled with pride and excitement.


Chapter 468:
"He said loudly, 'The imperial court has just made a solemn protest to Star Banner Bank, condemning their lack of discipline. Not only did they refuse to mention the people they killed, but they also demanded that we pay them compensation for disrupting our social stability. Brother Wang, your Department of Road Reform might be getting rich soon.'

Rich?

Wang Yongsan was not interested at all.

What made him happy was that this time, the country stood by his side.

As the saying goes, a scholar will die for someone who appreciates him.

With leaders willing to clean up after their subordinates and protect them when things go wrong, how could there be a shortage of people willing to serve the country?

The sacrifices made this time were worth it.








The imperial court's announcement was only broadcast during the morning news.

In response to Star Banner Bank disrupting social stability in Huaxia, they issued an ultimatum.

Either apologize and make amends, or close down and leave.

The country's tough stance caught Star Banner Bank off guard.

There was no choice; the Huaxia market is the largest in the world, and even Star Banner Bank couldn't afford to abandon it. In the end, they had no choice but to pay ten billion dollars and apologize publicly both internationally and within Huaxia.

The entire nation celebrated.

Unlike in the past when we were bullied and could only condemn the offenders, this time it was us who killed their people, yet we still condemned them and made them pay.

As fellow countrymen, although sometimes we criticize them for their lack of progress and even curse at them, deep down, we still hope that our country will continue to grow stronger, becoming the strongest.

Wang Yongsan sat in his office at the Department of Road Reform, watching his soaring reputation with a smug grin on his face.

'Dong dong dong.'

'Come in.'

The door creaked open, and a plump middle-aged man with a smiling face walked in.

'Director Wang, you are busy.' The middle-aged man asked with a smile on his face.

'Oh, you are that... the top leader?'

Wang Yongsan had an eidetic memory; he wouldn't forget someone after seeing them once.

The man standing before him had been present at Meng Ziyi's banquet in his honor, the top leader of Xihai, named Pei Anbei.

When they first met, this man had been somewhat arrogant, but now his attitude was as humble as it could get.

'I wouldn't dare, I wouldn't dare.'

Pei Anbei waved his hands repeatedly, with cold sweat breaking out on his forehead.

He quietly closed the door and took a few steps forward, respectfully offering what he had brought with him.

'Director Wang, you have been here for almost a week now. I have been so busy that I haven't had the chance to visit you. This token of appreciation is not much, but please accept it.'

Oh~

So he had come to offer a gift.

Wang Yongsan did not reach out to take it, but instead chuckled and said, 'Wait a minute. I remember the leader giving me a gift already.'

Pei Anbei was taken aback.

'No way? Director Wang, did you forget? This is the second time I have met you, and I haven't given you any gifts.'

Wang Yongsan shook his head and said earnestly, 'You forgot? This office here is the gift you gave me, isn't it? Commonly known as a welcoming present, right?'

Pei Anbei's face turned red instantly. And then it quickly turned green."


Chapter 469:
"Comrade Director Wang, you're wrongfully accusing me. The arrangement of the office has always been handled by the secretarial department; I had no knowledge of it. Besides, there must be a secretary who is in cahoots with the Zhou family, deliberately making things difficult for you. I'll have him apprehended as soon as I get back, to help you vent your anger."

His expression was almost one of tears, with beads of sweat dripping from his fat face.

Comrade Director Wang waved his hand dismissively: "Forget it, it's just a small matter. I'm not that unreasonable; what gift did you bring me?"

Seeing Comrade Director Wang glance at the gift in his hand, Bai Anbei finally breathed a sigh of relief.

He quickly jogged forward, bent down, and respectfully placed the gift on Comrade Director Wang's desk.

Then he carefully opened it.

"Comrade Director Wang, I've gone through great lengths to find this exquisite item. Please take a look yourself."

Bai Anbei opened the wrapping and gestured for Comrade Director Wang to take a look.

Comrade Director Wang lowered his head and saw it—a truly impressive set of chess pieces.

The pieces were crafted from ivory, clearly valuable beyond measure. The chessboard was carved from white jade; judging by its quality, it seemed even more expensive than the chess pieces themselves.

Bai Anbei explained: "Comrade Director Wang, I heard that you once found a remarkable set of chess at Longtai's antique street. This set is also an antique; it was once owned by the infamous corrupt official, He Ling. I thought it would suit your status perfectly."

"What? A set owned by He Ling, the infamous corrupt official, suits my status? Are you implying that I'm also a corrupt official?"

Comrade Director Wang asked, narrowing his eyes.

Bai Anbei realized he had said the wrong thing and quickly apologized.

"Comrade Director Wang, you misunderstood me. What I meant was that He Ling only collected the finest items; only the best would suit your status."

"Is that really true?"

"Yes, yes, I meant exactly that."

Comrade Director Wang smiled meaningfully.

"Bai Leader, this set of chess must be quite valuable, right? I'm afraid..."

Comrade Director Wang's words trailed off.

Bai Anbei understood immediately and quickly said, "Comrade Director Wang, please rest assured. This set of chess has never been sold on the market; it doesn't have a fixed price. In fact, no one would know even if they found out. You could say it's a family heirloom passed down from your ancestors; no one would be able to accuse you of anything, right?"

"Haha."

"Yes, yes."

Comrade Director Wang laughed heartily, and in Bai Anbei's eyes, he looked like a deity descending from heaven.

Although Comrade Director Wang had only been there for a few days, he not only brought down the Zhou family that had ruled Xihai for over a hundred years but also made international forces apologize to him.

How impressive! Even if he were the top leader, Bai Anbei would still have to kneel and lick his boots.

In fact, having the chance to kneel and lick such an impressive figure made Bai Anbei feel incredibly honored.

"Alright, there's nothing else; you can go back now."

Comrade Director Wang dismissed him.

Bai Anbei nodded repeatedly and then backed away to the door before turning around and leaving.

The door clicked shut, but within five seconds, it was opened again.

Comrade Director Wang was still playing with the antique chess set when he heard the door open. He couldn't help but furrow his brow slightly.


Chapter 470:
Thinking to himself: This gift-giving person is quite impolite, not even knocking before entering.

Looking up, he saw:

"Hey, Officer Hua, why didn't you say anything before coming? I could have gone to pick you up."

Wang Yongsan laughed and stood up to greet her.

It wasn't enough to create chaos in the Xixiang government offices; if Wang Yongsan wanted to put Xixiang back on the right path and significantly improve the moral and ethical standards of its citizens, he needed people he could rely on in every position.

And Hua Shengnan was one of those people he needed to rely on.

"Hmph, if I had called ahead, how could I have seen your less-than-noble side?" Hua Shengnan said coldly, looking at the antique chess set on Wang Yongsan's desk.

Wang Yongsan slapped his forehead and laughed, "Officer Hua, you've misunderstood me again."

"Is that so? Or are you just helping someone keep their belongings safe?" Hua Shengnan asked with a mocking smile.

She had been there for more than ten minutes and had just seen Pei Anpei bring in the chess set, so she waited outside. She heard everything Wang Yongsan and Pei Anpei said from where she was standing by the door.

"Cough, cough, Officer Hua, you really have misunderstood me," Wang Yongsan pointed to the corner camera and said, "You see, my office has a camera that's on 24/7. If I really were taking bribes, why would I expose myself to the camera?"

"You should know that hackers can easily steal video content these days."








Hua Shengnan turned to look and saw a camera in the corner. The red light on top indicated that it was currently recording.

"So what do you mean? You did take the gift, didn't you?" Hua Shengnan asked with a frown.

Wang Yongsan gestured for her to sit down first. Once she was seated, he said, "Officer Hua, you should know about the concept of 'fishing with a long line'?"

Hua Shengnan nodded and said thoughtfully, "You plan to let everyone know that you're not as upright as they think and that you take bribes like them, so they will feel safe giving you gifts. Then, using these gifts as leverage, you can threaten them?"

"NONONO." Wang Yongsan corrected her, "That sounds too harsh. I wouldn't say 'threaten them'; I would say 'motivate them' instead."

Hua Shengnan rolled her eyes at him.

Wang Yongsan continued, "Before Pei Anpei came in, two others had already come to test me. I think they must have agreed among themselves; more people should be coming soon to give me gifts."

"Look at this chess set; it's said to have belonged to the infamous corrupt official, Hui Cheng. How much do you think it's worth?"

"How could a city mayor possibly acquire such an expensive antique?"

"This time, I'm going to use accepting bribes as an opportunity to find out how deep these corrupt officials are in their corruption. Those who have embezzled a lot will be reported to the procuratorate, and as for those who have embezzled less, I'll spare their lives for now and see how they perform in the future."

Hua Shengnan disagreed with his approach.

"Why should those who embezzle less not be arrested? In my opinion, anyone who takes bribes should be arrested."

"Are you stupid? If we arrest everyone who takes a little bribe, how many people would that be? What if no one wants to work anymore?" Wang Yongsan laughed.

</div>


Chapter 471:
Even small-time traffic cops like Su Ming have ways to make extra money on the side, let alone those in leadership positions.

Sometimes, it's not that leaders don't see what's happening; it's just that reality is too disheartening, so they choose to turn a blind eye.

Hua Shengnan agrees with this sentiment.

However, that doesn't mean she understands it.

Given the current situation in Western Wilderness, drastic measures must be taken. Once things get back on track, she will arrest every single person who has given gifts.

"Alright, alright, you can leave now. There are still people waiting to give gifts outside. If you stay here, they might think we're doing something inappropriate and won't dare to come in."

"Doing something inappropriate?"

Hua Shengnan muttered to herself.

After a few seconds, she finally understood what was meant by "inappropriate" actions.

Suddenly, her ears began to grow longer and sharper, turning brown like fur, growing rapidly around her eyes at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Wang Yongsan was taken aback.

He sighed, "Hua Shengnan, you're too temperamental. I was just joking; do you really need to get so angry?"

"Meow~ From now on, don't think dirty thoughts about me. If you do, I won't hesitate to claw you to death!"

Hua Shengnan threatened him with a shake of her 'claws', taking several deep breaths before slowly transforming back to normal.

As Hua Shengnan gradually returned to her human form, Wang Yongsan couldn't help but feel a bit speechless.

What he said wasn't wrong, though.

If anyone was thinking dirty thoughts, it should be her, not him.

After fully transforming back into her human form, Hua Shengnan snorted and turned to leave.

For three consecutive days, people came to Wang Yongsan's office to give him gifts.

The presents varied in value, from Apple phones to expensive antiques. The only thing no one gave was money.

Wang Yongsan would compile a list every day and divide the video footage into sections, sending both the list and videos to Old Zhu. As long as Old Zhu knew about it, Wang Yongsan wouldn't be accused of accepting bribes.

On the fourth day, Wang Yongsan waited in his office for an entire morning but no one came to give gifts.

"It seems like most of the gift-givers have already come."

Wang Yongsan flipped through the list, noticing that leaders from almost every department had visited.

It was time to close the net.

He picked up his phone and dialed a number.

"Hello, Xiao Su, contact the teams and prepare to make arrests."

Su Ming had already been promoted to deputy captain of the traffic police department.

Since Wang Yongsan didn't have a secretary and Su Ming was good at handling things, some orders would still go through him.

"Yes, Director Wang, we'll be ready soon."

Su Ming was in a meeting when he received the call, so he immediately stopped it.

Fifteen minutes later, members of the road improvement department, accompanied by a team of traffic police responsible for ensuring traffic safety, arrived at the municipal building.

Wang Yongsan went downstairs and handed three sheets of paper to three road improvement teams.

"Everyone on these lists has been involved in large-scale corruption and bribery. Arrest them all today. Any questions?"

"No—problem—!" The road improvement members responded in unison, their voices loud enough to be heard throughout the entire building.

"Excellent! As long as you do your job well, I'll give you special bonuses at the end of this month."

Wang Yongsan's words immediately sparked cheers among the crowd.


Chapter 472:
"Old Zhu said, two-thirds of the gifts those people gave will be turned over to the state, and the remaining one-third will be converted into money for the Road Reform Bureau's discretionary use.

You should know that those bribes amount to millions, and even if we only take one-third, it's still over a million yuan.

We can easily give out some bonuses to the employees.

'Go ahead, I'm waiting for your good news.'

With a wave of Wang Yongsan's hand, Xixiang City was once again swept clean by the Road Reform Bureau.

Many citizens who had been closely watching the Road Reform Bureau were wide-eyed with excitement upon seeing this.

- Wow, the Road Reform Bureau is at it again.

- This time, all employees are involved; it seems like a big operation.

- Breaking news: the top official was just arrested by the Road Reform Bureau.

- The secretarial department had three people taken away at once.

- A couple just went into the Urban Management Brigade; it seems like they're finally getting a taste of their own medicine.

- Hahaha, let me tell you, everyone should stop asking who was arrested and instead ask who wasn't.

- Anyone know why they're arresting people this time?

The spread of information on the internet is truly swift.

Everywhere the Road Reform Bureau went, videos of their actions were uploaded online within seconds.

In less than eight hours, over thirty officials had been 'invited for tea' by the Road Reform Bureau.

Reporters started swarming, eager to get a firsthand report from Wang Yongsan, but he had already gone into hiding.

By 7 PM in the evening,

A message suddenly appeared and was instantly pushed to the top of the headlines.

"The official website of the Road Reform Bureau is now live! Address: san daliu bu dian, daolai, diankam."

This news caused the Road Reform Bureau's website to explode with activity.

Since this official site also handles complaints and reports, requiring real-name authentication for login and posts, so many people rushed to register that the site crashed.

Once it was finally back up and running, within ten minutes, it was once again overwhelmed.

'My goodness, have these people gone crazy? You'd think it was the Spring Festival rush for buying train tickets.'

Wang Yongsan complained in his mouth, but he was secretly delighted inside.

With so many people paying attention to the Road Reform Bureau, it would inevitably affect his reputation.

Although one billion reputation points were still a long way off, if things continued like this, with 16 points of 'death' reputation gained every day, it wouldn't be that hard to accumulate.








[2]

After reaching 30 points of physique, it requires 100 'death' reputation points to purchase one upgrade.

Wang Yongsan didn't know what 'purchase once' meant until he broke through to the Broken Orifices Realm, and then he understood that 'once' meant one dead point plus two living points.

There are 108 acupoints in the human body.

Among them, there are 36 dead points and 72 living points.

Each of these dead points is connected to two living points, and only when three points are broken together can one enter the first level of Broken Orifices.

There are 36 sets of these points, and breaking three sets is required to advance one level.

This means that now, if Wang Yongsan wants to advance, each small level requires 300 points of reputation, and with only eight points gained daily, it would take over a month to advance one level.

'To advance one small level in a month, that's too slow.'

Wang Yongsan shook his head and complained."


Chapter 473:
People who are skilled in breaking acupoints usually make little progress for several years, or even decades. How can he feel slow after just one month?

If this statement were to be made public, it would be difficult to ensure that he wouldn't be beaten to death.

Buzzing~

The phone rang.

"Hello? Xiaosu."

On the other end of the line, Su Ming's respectful voice sounded: "Leader, all the people have been captured. When do you think we should carry out the punishment?"

Wang Yongsan looked at the time.

It was already eight o'clock in the evening, and by the time everything was ready for execution, it would be close to midnight.

"Let's do it tomorrow. It's too late today," Wang Yongsan said casually.

"Yes."

Su Ming agreed and hesitated for a moment: "Leader, there's one more thing. It's about the feedback on the official website. I don't know if you've paid attention to it?"

"Tell me first."

Although Wang Yongsan paid attention to the official website, he didn't pay attention to its content.

Su Ming said when he heard the words: "It's like this, just now someone from our department uploaded today's arrest event to the Internet. After many people saw the amount of corruption, they felt that caning was not enough to appease public anger. They strongly demanded severe punishment for corrupt officials. I don't know what the leader thinks?"

Wang Yongsan laughed: "Xiaosu, our Dao Change Bureau values public opinion the most. If everyone has opinions, we should listen to them."

After being an official for a few days, Wang Yongsan unconsciously had a bit of an official air, and his tone of voice changed.

"But Leader, we don't have anyone who can peel skin," Su Ming said with difficulty.

Wang Yongsan was taken aback.

"Peel skin? Peel what skin?"

Su Ming quickly said: "Peel the skin of corrupt officials. The masses have signed a joint petition requesting that we follow the example of Zhu Bajie from the Ming Dynasty and impose the peeling skin punishment on corrupt officials."

I wipe.

Wang Yongsan almost choked on his own saliva.

What kind of society is this now? There are still people who remember such an evil punishment.

Not to mention peeling skin, even if it's killing or long-term imprisonment, their Dao Change Bureau can't do it.

After all, they punish moral offenders. For corruption, they still have to hand them over to the procuratorate for handling after caning.

"Eh, I said Xiaosu, although we should listen to public opinion, there are also different voices among the masses. I think if the public's anger is strong, we should give corrupt officials more whips. Let's not peel their skin."

Wang Yongsan said awkwardly.

Su Ming also realized that he had misunderstood and quickly agreed repeatedly.

The caning was carried out the next day.

Due to public outrage, this time, each corrupt official had to receive at least seven whips.

After one round, not a single person could withstand more than three whips and was carried away, waiting for the next or even subsequent rounds to make up the remaining number.

For a time, leaders of various departments in Xihai City were nervous.

Especially the second and first-in-charge, who had been publicly caned and were also involved in the investigation by the procuratorate.

They now regretted not going to give gifts.

Now that's it, instead of stealing a chicken, they lost the corn, not to mention the money, but also their official positions.

"Brother Pei, we can't go on like this anymore. Otherwise, we will be waiting to die."

In the hospital bed, the second-in-charge of Xihai City was enduring the excruciating pain in his back, lying on the bed, and said to the first-in-charge Pei Anbei.

```
Note: The text appears to be incomplete at the end, but I have translated it as much as possible based on the provided content.
```


Chapter 474:
Pei Anbei was also lying on the sick bed.

He couldn't bear the pain, and he had just given himself an anesthetic on his back. At this moment, he was completely numb.

"What else can we do? He has the support of the court behind him, and even killing foreigners is fine. We are just small fish. Why should we resist him?" Pei Anbei said with a bitter expression on his fat face.

The second-in-command looked around to make sure no one was nearby before approaching Pei Anbei.

He whispered, "Brother Pei, the court values this young man because of his righteousness. But what if he makes a mistake himself?"

"You mean?"

Pei Anbei's eyes lit up.

The second-in-command laughed sinisterly and said, "He's from the Moral Reform Bureau. A model of morality? Let's set up a trap for him and completely destroy his positive image. Then, without us doing anything, the people on the internet will tear him apart."

Pei Anbei's face turned red with excitement.

He now wished he could eat Wang Yongsan alive. If he could get rid of him, he would spend any amount of money.

"Old Xu, do you have a specific plan?"

The second-in-command smiled slightly and explained in detail, "This young man is a second generation rich kid. He must have plenty of money. We went in the wrong direction when we gave him gifts before. I heard that while studying at Longtai University, he had several romantic relationships and even had a relationship with the daughter of the Chen family. So why don't we set up a beauty trap for him?"

"You mean, use moral corruption to deal with him? That might not be enough, right?"

Pei Anbei frowned slightly.

Although many officials were removed due to moral corruption, Pei Anbei, as an official himself, knew that sometimes it wasn't because of moral corruption that someone was removed. It was because they were supposed to be removed, and then the moral corruption would follow.

Therefore, just having multiple romantic relationships might not be enough to get rid of Wang Yongsan.

"What if it was a case of sexual misconduct while drunk, raping a civilian woman?" The second-in-command sneered sinisterly.

…

The matter of the whipping had been left to Wang Yongsan's subordinates.

For the past two days, he had been thinking about how to spend his money.

Before, the bribes they received were divided into three parts: one part was kept by Zhu Laoshi for the Moral Reform Bureau, which amounted to 16 million yuan. And today, the ten billion dollars compensation from Xingqi Bank was specifically allocated one million yuan by the state.

It's worth mentioning that one million dollars is equivalent to six million yuan in RMB.

Now, Wang Yongsan had eight million yuan worth of assets that could be used freely.

"If we give our subordinates too much in bonuses, it might cause jealousy among the public and lead to deliberate defamation. But if we give too little, it will take forever to distribute all this money."

A person with one million yuan would feel very happy, but a person with one hundred billion yuan would be troubled.

Wang Yongsan was content with having eight million yuan, and now he was troubled.

As Wang Yongsan didn't know how to spend so much money, his phone suddenly rang.

"Hello, Shasha, we really are on the same wavelength. I was just about to call you when you called me first."

As Luo Yusha became more and more jealous recently, Wang Yongsan also learned to say sweet words.






y [3]


Chapter 475:
“Really? I feel like you haven't called me proactively in several days. It's always me calling you, right?”

Luo Yusha said without mercy.

“Oh… Yes, yes, I've been too busy these days. So as soon as I got some free time today, I wanted to give you a call. Otherwise, how could I answer so quickly? Because I was holding my phone, ready to dial your number.”

Wang Yongsan explained forcefully.

Luo Yusha snorted, disbelievingly saying, “I think you were planning to dial another girl's number!”

“How could that be? I only love you, and I will only call you proactively.”

Wang Yongsan quickly assured.

Then he changed the topic and asked, “By the way, Yusha, it should be before school gets out, right? You called me over. Is there something you need to tell me?”

“Ah, I almost forgot about the important matter.”

Luo Yusha exclaimed before saying, “It's Saturday tomorrow. It's my roommate's birthday, and she is your fan. She asked me to bring you along to her birthday party tomorrow. I couldn't refuse her, so… you know what to do.”

“I understand, I understand.”

Wang Yongsan dared not say he didn't understand.

“That's good then.”

Luo Yusha happily said, “Since you've been so busy with work recently, I won't ask you to come back early. Just arrive at the Red Leaf Restaurant by seven o'clock tomorrow night. As for gifts, I've already bought them. You don't need to worry about it.”

“Alright, I promise to arrive on time.”

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan slightly shook his head.

It's said that men have a strong sense of career. He couldn't understand it before.

Now that he became the director of the Road Reform Bureau, he realized that sometimes it's not that men have a strong sense of career; rather, they are just too busy with work. They want to take care of their family but are powerless to do so.

However, he could always find time for one night.

A day passed.

The next day,

Early in the morning,

Wang Yongsan was about to tell Uncle Li that he needed to go back to Longtai in the evening when Uncle Li took the initiative to ask for leave.

“Young Master, my daughter is coming back from school today. I want to ask for leave this afternoon and go home early to accompany her.”

Uncle Li's daughter works in another city and rarely comes back a few times a year.

Before Wang Yongsan could speak, Uncle Li's words blocked him from saying anything.

“No problem. Uncle Li, you've been accompanying me for several days already. You can rest at home these two days. Come back to work whenever your daughter leaves.”

“Who will drive for you then?”

“I'll drive myself. If it really doesn't work out, isn't there Su Ming?”

Su Ming is now the deputy captain of the traffic police. His driving skills are naturally excellent.

However, Wang Yongsan would never use him as a driver because it would cause people to talk.

Uncle Li is old, and he could see Wang Yongsan's thoughts. However, he really hoped to spend more time with his daughter, so he could only remember Wang Yongsan's kindness in his heart.

Work,

Go home.

The Road Reform Bureau is different from other departments because they need to go out for missions at any time. Working overtime is as common as eating, so from top to bottom, no one needs to clock in.

These days, Wang Yongsan mainly checked the reports on the official website.

It was already half past three when Wang Yongsan closed his computer and locked the door before going downstairs.

His driving skills are average,


Chapter 476:
From the Western Wilderness to Longtai University, it was a two and a half hour drive. He took three hours to finally arrive before six o'clock.

"Wow, it's Director Wang! Why are you back in Longtai today?"

"Can we take a photo with you?"

"Director Wang, I'm your fan. Please sign for me, I beg you."

"Director Wang, I want an autograph too."

As soon as Wang Yongsan stopped the car and had not entered the hotel, he was blocked by a group of girls.

This feeling of being watched felt wonderful.

Wang Yongsan took photos with them one by one and signed for them. When he entered the hotel and found the room, it was already 7:10 pm.

"I'm sorry I'm late."

As soon as Wang Yongsan entered the door, he apologized to everyone immediately.

This was a large private room with a KTV room. At this time, the fourteen-person table was already full, leaving only an empty seat beside Luo Yusha.

"Wow, our superstar is here."

"Director Wang, please sit down quickly."

Among those present, many of them Wang Yongsan did not recognize, but they should all be classmates.

These people were much more friendly than strangers. With Wang Yongsan, they did not feel embarrassed at all.

One of the boys teased, "Director Wang is late. According to the rules, you have to drink three cups first. Come on, I've prepared it here. You can only sit down after drinking it."

Wang Yongsan did not know how to drink alcohol. Not to mention three cups, even one beer would make his face red. If he drank three cups, he might faint here.

He said with a bitter face, "Brother, I drove here. How about replacing the beer with tea?"

However, the other party did not agree.

The boy took the wine glass and directly put it into Wang Yongsan's hand, teasing, "Tea is tea, and wine is wine. The taste is different. If Director Wang doesn't drink this wine, it means he looks down on me."

If it were elsewhere, knowing that someone was driving and still persuading him to drink, Wang Yongsan would have probably arrested him as a moral offender and whipped him.

However, this was the birthday party of his classmate.

Even if Wang Yongsan was reluctant, he did not want to spoil the mood of others too much.

Luo Yusha also whispered, "Yongsan, it's not safe to drive at night. Why don't you stay overnight?"

Since Luo Yusha had spoken, Wang Yongsan did not mind anymore.

"Three cups, three cups. But let me tell you first, I can't hold my liquor well. If I make a fool of myself after drinking too much, don't laugh at me."

Wang Yongsan picked up the wine glass and drank three cups in a row.

"Okay, Director Wang is really straightforward." The boy clapped his hands and shouted.

After that, he picked up two more glasses of liquor, one of which was handed to Wang Yongsan.

"Director Wang, this is our Finance Department students admiring you. I am the representative to toast with you. This represents the intention of more than 200 students in our department. You won't refuse, right?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head.

Perhaps because of the gluttonous ability, he instantly converted the alcohol into energy. His original drinking capacity should have been three cups and then fall down, but today he had no feeling at all.

Not even blushing.

Wang Yongsan looked at the classmate in front of him. Although he had the ability to remember, it was after being expelled from school. Therefore, he could not remember all the classmates in his department.

However, it didn't matter anymore.

Since he was not drunk, let him drink more.


Chapter 477:
Celebrating a birthday, happiness is the most important thing.

"As classmates, how can I refuse? Here, let's drink up."

Wang Yongsan took the cup and drained it in one gulp.

Clap, clap…

A round of applause followed.

Luo Yusha stood up and whispered, "Yongsan, you can't hold your liquor. Please drink less."

Before Wang Yongsan could respond, a girl at the table teased, "Classmate Luo, you shouldn't be so controlling. It's not good to manage your man like that when you're out."

Luo Yusha slightly furrowed her brows and explained, "That's not it. Yongsan can't drink at all. Please don't force him to drink."

"Classmate Luo, maybe you're being too strict? I see Director Wang can hold his liquor just fine. Look, he's had three cups of beer and a glass of white wine, yet his face remains unchanged." The boy offering the drink also chimed in.

His mission tonight was to get Wang Yongsan drunk, but he didn't expect the latter to be such a heavy drinker.

It seems other methods are needed.








Luo Yusha looked at Wang Yongsan. Indeed, he didn't turn red like before after drinking a little.

"Don't worry, I'm fine." Wang Yongsan chuckled.

Times have changed; now, he can drink beer without any problem and seems unaffected by white wine.

Moreover, this wine isn't cheap. It has a unique aroma that makes him want another glass.

"Classmate Wang is indeed generous; considering all the social events you attend, your alcohol tolerance must be high. Tonight, don't slack off with your old classmates, okay?"

The speaker was another boy.

There were fourteen people at the table, nine girls and seven boys.

After this boy spoke, he also filled a glass of white wine and approached Wang Yongsan.

"I'm from the Mechanical Engineering Department, representing all our classmates to offer you a toast."

"Of course. Thank you, everyone. Cheers."

Glass raised, Wang Yongsan drained it.

Then came the next one.

Wang Yongsan realized that these people were deliberately trying to get him drunk.

But he didn't think much of it. Sometimes, getting someone drunk means treating them as one of your own; under the influence, having a drink helps foster friendships.

After all, those who haven't experienced society are mostly genuine.

People with ill intentions are in the minority, but Wang Yongsan happened to encounter them.

"Damn it, why isn't he dizzy yet?

"It's been eight bottles of white wine, and we're almost done. How can he still drink?

"It seems we have to use drugs."

The boy who started the drinking made eye contact with a girl across from him.

Understanding his intentions, she used the opportunity to open another bottle and put a pill inside.

Then she filled the glass with wine, mixing in the drug before bringing the full cup to Wang Yongsan.

"Classmate Wang, my name is Zhou Xiaoxiao. I'm your fan. I'll offer you a toast on my own behalf. You won't think I'm too low-class to refuse, will you?"

This girl wore too much makeup and wasn't Wang Yongsan's type.

However, since she was offering a toast, Wang Yongsan naturally wouldn't refuse.

"Thank you for your admiration, Zhou classmate. I'll drink this cup to show my respect."

Creak…


Chapter 478:
A cup of wine, gone in half a second.

"Thank you, Wang classmate, I will always support you."

Zhou Xiaoxiao raised her small fist, and inadvertently winked at Wang Yong.

Luo Yusha saw it beside her, and suddenly felt jealous again. She pouted and said, "Yong San has already drunk enough today. If he drinks more, something will happen. Everyone should be considerate and stop here for now."

"Okay, I also think that Director Wang has given enough face. We've eaten almost everything. Why don't we sing a few songs?"

It was the same man who had suggested the toast earlier.

Taken the medicine, it's time to give people a chance to get close.

It's not convenient on the dining table, but there is a long sofa in the KTV room that can be used for that matter. It's more than enough.

"Okay, okay, let's sing! And the first song, everyone together, to wish Meimei a happy birthday."

The call was echoed by all.

Everyone moved to the KTV room, and after singing "Happy Birthday," everyone started to sing freely.

"Shasha, my stomach hurts a little. I think it's that time of the month. Do you have any pads?" a girl suddenly asked Luo Yusha.

"I don't have any. I'm at the end of the month. You should ask them," Luo Yusha replied.

"I've asked around, and none of them brought any either. Shasha, can you go buy a pack for me? My stomach hurts so much that I can't walk."

The girl covered her stomach, and she did look a bit in pain.

Luo Yusha liked to help others, and seeing this, she didn't doubt it. "Then wait for me a moment; I'll be right back."

"Thank you so much."

Luo Yusha ran off.

Wang Yongsan was being chatted up by two guys next to him, and when he saw Luo Yusha suddenly leave, he thought something had happened and quickly got up to follow her.

Zhou Xiaoxiao stopped him immediately.

"Where are you going, Wang classmate?"

"Oh, nothing. I just want to see what Shasha is doing."

Zhou Xiaoxiao bit her lips and said, "Girls have those few days every month that are not suitable for you guys to know. If you go up there, wouldn't it embarrass Luo classmate?"

So that's what it is?

Wang Yongsan had never paid attention to the specific dates of Luo Yusha's period, and upon hearing this, he didn't doubt it either.

A few guys had quietly left without him noticing.

Some girls also disappeared one after another.

In the blink of an eye, there were only Wang Yongsan and four girls left in the KTV room.

Including Zhou Xiaoxiao, two girls were on each side of Wang Yongsan, singing while teasing him.

Wang Yongsan blocked left and right with his cat eyes, but he was still taken advantage of quite a bit.

Especially the two girls on both sides, their bodies were almost sticking to him, making Wang Yongsan have to be extra careful when moving.

"Please make way for me, I want to go to the bathroom first."

Wang Yongsan was at a loss for what to do with them and decided to use the bathroom break as an excuse.

However, he underestimated these girls' shamelessness.

Zhou Xiaoxiao giggled and picked up an empty wine bottle, "Why go to the bathroom? Just solve it here. We sisters have admired you for a long time, so let us serve you well today, okay?"

Wang Yongsan was stunned by her words.


Chapter 479:
He couldn't believe what he was hearing and said, "What are you saying?"

Zhou Xiao bit her lips and put on a seductive act, saying, "I said our sisters want to serve you. Don't believe it? You can ask everyone if that's true, sisters?"

In reality, Zhou Xiao's heart was also a bit upset.

The drug she had administered should have taken effect quickly, but it had been more than ten minutes now and Wang Yongsan showed no reaction at all.

As a result, she and the other three sisters had to put in great effort to seduce him.

"Wang classmate, just give us a chance to serve you, okay?"

"Yeah, after today, there might not be another chance."

"Come on, don't move around. We'll take care of everything for you."

The other three girls also chimed in.

As several girls' hands reached out towards him, Wang Yongsan could no longer hold back.

Other boys might feel that being surrounded by so many girls was a very face-saving and thrilling experience.

However, Wang Yongsan didn't think so.

During the time when he was at his most cowardly, when many people looked down on him and even despised him, only Luo Yusha chose to help him, even becoming his girlfriend.

At that time, many people couldn't understand why Luo Yusha, a beautiful and capable girl, would choose him, Wang Yongsan.

Now, Wang Yongsan wanted to use his actions to tell others that Luo Yusha's choice was not wrong.

He, Wang Yongsan, was neither heartless nor promiscuous.

"Get lost!"

A deep and disgusted voice came from Wang Yongsan's mouth.

Zhou Xiao and the others didn't understand what had happened when they suddenly felt as if they lost their weight and flew up into the air.








"Ah~~"

"My leg hurts so much after falling."

"Wang classmate, what are you doing? We all admire you so much. It's fine if you don't care about our feelings, but why did you hurt us? That's too barbaric!"

The four girls fell to the ground, each one wincing in pain.

Among them, Zhou Xiao couldn't help but complain.

"Hmph, admire me? Sorry, I can't accept your admiration. Goodbye."

Wang Yongsan coldly glared at them, then turned to leave after saying those words.

"Wait a minute!"

Zhou Xiao crawled over and grabbed Wang Yongsan's leg: "You can't leave. It was our fault just now. We are all classmates; you shouldn't be angry."

She was still thinking about the drug she had given him earlier, hoping to keep him there until the drug took effect.

However, she didn't know that Wang Yongsan had the ability of a rice bucket.

Even pills like the Body Refinement Pill and the Pulse-Opening Pill, which could explode a person's body if not digested properly, were easily absorbed by him. Not to mention her measly little drug.

"If I cared about our classmates, I would have beaten you all up already. Get lost!"

"I won't go."

Zhou Xiao held onto Wang Yongsan tightly.

However, Wang Yongsan simply lifted his leg and easily flung her aside.

"Your parents raised you up to this age, sending you to college. If you had a bit of shame, you would know what to do."

Wang Yongsan glanced at the four girls, then left after saying those words.

As soon as he walked out of the room, he saw Luo Yusha returning.


Chapter 480:
"Shasha, where have you been?"

"I went down to buy a pack of pads. Why did you come out? Not playing anymore?"

Luo Yusha thought he was worried about her and came out in a hurry. Not only did she not think too much, but she also felt happy in her heart.

Wang Yongsan didn't answer her and continued to ask, "Are you on your period?"

Luo Yusha thought he was thinking about the night's affairs, pouted her lips and deliberately said, "Yes, what's wrong?"

"Nothing, just asking casually."

Wang Yongsan sighed in relief.

He suspected that Luo Yusha was sent away by several girls. If it were really like that, he must remind Luo Yusha to spend less time with these girls in the future.

Of course, even if it wasn't intentional to send Luo Yusha away, these girls had bad intentions towards him, and he also needed to let Luo Yusha stay away from them.

"Shasha, I think your friends aren't very good. You shouldn't spend too much time with them in the future," Wang Yongsan still said what he had to say.

"What's wrong? Did they say something? Or do you blame them for persuading you to drink?" Luo Yusha asked.

"None of them, just don't spend too much time with them."

Wang Yongsan was embarrassed to say what happened just now.

He thought, since he might not see those four girls again in the future, he would just swallow this matter into his stomach.

Otherwise, not only would those four girls be very embarrassed, but Luo Yusha might also be jealous.

Wang Yongsan didn't know that those girls were playing tricks behind his back. He only thought they really liked him and lost their senses after drinking too much, so they shamelessly wanted to get close to him.

If he knew that these girls took money from others and deliberately seduced him, preparing to record the video, Wang Yongsan would not have shown mercy to them.

Luo Yusha saw that he didn't want to say more, so she didn't ask any further questions.

After saying goodbye to the "birthday star," the two of them left ahead of time.

Since he drank alcohol, although there was no feeling of drunkenness, Wang Yongsan took precautions and did not drive.

He and Luo Yusha directly opened a room in the hotel accommodation floor, then shamelessly slept together.

Of course, it was just sleeping.

The next day,

Wang Yongsan drove Luo Yusha to school.

Just as they entered the school gate, Luo Yusha's phone rang.

"Hello, Shishi, what's the matter?"

"Shasha sister, are you with Yongsan right now?"

On the phone, Lin Shishi's voice was a little tense.

Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi were now in a competitive yet cooperative relationship, with both competition and mutual assistance between them.

At this moment, hearing the other party's tense voice, Luo Yusha thought she was jealous and her face immediately brightened.

However, her tone remained calm as she said, "Yes, last night my roommate had a birthday party. Yongsan also came and drank a little too much, so we simply stayed in a hotel room outside. What's the matter? Did something happen?"

Although Luo Yusha asked what happened, she was actually showing off.

She didn't think that sleeping together would cause any major problems.

However, something really happened in reality.

"Shasha sister, you should quickly check the top trending news. The video of you and Yongsan singing karaoke last night was uploaded to the internet, and now it's spreading everywhere that Yongsan has problematic conduct."

Karaoke?

Luo Yusha looked at Wang Yongsan.""
```


Chapter 481:
Last night, she just sang a birthday song with everyone and then went to help her roommate buy a mat. She didn't know what happened afterward.

Could it be that something happened at that time?

"Okay, I'll take a look right now."

After hanging up the phone, Luo Yusha immediately opened yesterday's headline news.

The first piece of news was about Wang Yongsan.

In the picture, Wang Yongsan was surrounded by four girls, one on each side, with ambiguous postures, looking quite suave.

Wang Yongsan also heard Lin Sisi's words.

He parked the car and leaned over. When he saw the content of the picture, his head buzzed and exploded.

"This is a conspiracy." Wang Yongsan shouted loudly.

In the past, when nothing happened, Luo Yusha was still jealous like that. This time, with solid evidence, she didn't know how crazy she would become.

However...

"Yes, there must be a conspiracy."

This time, Luo Yusha was surprisingly not angry but instead frowned and thought deeply.

"Shasha, you don't doubt me?" Wang Yongsan asked cautiously.

Luo Yusha shook her head and looked at Wang Yongsan's eyes, "When I bought the mat back last night, I felt that your attitude was a bit strange, as if you were angry. Shouldn't they have teased you?"

This statement...

However, the facts seemed to be just like that.

Wang Yongsan nodded and said seriously, "Shasha, they did want to tease me, but I avoided them. What you see in the picture is already the most serious situation."

Luo Yusha believed this statement.

Since it was a frame-up, they would naturally use the photo with the strongest visual impact.

Since Wang Yongsan could leave angrily under such temptation from his classmates, she had no reason to get angry with him again.

"No wonder you said last night that I should stay away from them, it seems like Meimei and the others were bought by someone. The person behind them wanted to use such a thing to smear you. If you hadn't controlled yourself and did what they wanted, your position as the director of the Road Reform Bureau might have been in jeopardy."

Luo Yusha was indeed very smart. After thinking carefully, she deduced the situation with about eight or nine out of ten accuracy.

"Shasha, thank you for your trust." Wang Yongsan was almost moved to tears.

He had been afraid of being misunderstood by Luo Yusha, and this time he was also prepared to be misunderstood.

But he didn't expect such a beautiful outcome.

Luo Yusha chuckled, "Fool, it's my fault. If I hadn't dragged you back last night, you wouldn't have been framed like this."

"But..."

Luo Yusha's expression turned fierce, "If it was framed by others, that would be fine, but even Meimei helped frame us. I'm going to find her now and ask how much money she took from others for doing such an unscrupulous thing."








The event of the Road Reform Bureau director's style problem quickly spread through the internet.

The battle of public opinion resumed.

Although everyone had already been reversed many times by Wang Yongsan, this time there was a real photo as evidence.

Moreover,

In the picture, Wang Yongsan's expression seemed a bit reluctant, which coincided with his character and identity. Almost everyone who saw this picture did not doubt the authenticity of the event.


Chapter 482:
So, this time everyone is arguing about whether men being unfaithful is a sin or not.

It's said that men are naturally inclined towards women, which is the mark of a hero.

Director Wang is young and capable, excelling in every aspect. It's understandable that he would be passively admired by girls.

As a girl, I think sometimes boys make mistakes because the girls are too cheap, and the four girls in the picture undoubtedly fall into this category.

The facts show that Director Wang has a unique taste in aesthetics.

Director Wang, I don't care how many girlfriends you have; I just want to bear your children.

Give me a chance, Director Wang. I'm much prettier than those four girls.

I rely on you, what about your girl's reservedness? Don't you have any shame?

What use is having a face? We want Director Wang's love.

It's because of you shameless girls that Director Wang has such a big problem. Don't pay attention to them, come here instead; it's safe with me.

The student above named Chen Duxiu, could you please sit down first? Is there a nail on your seat?

In less than half an hour, the number of replies has increased to ten thousand.

The number of forwards has instantly exceeded ten thousand.

The internet is in chaos.

But strangely, more than eighty percent of netizens don't care about Director Wang's conduct.

Especially strangely, the proportion of female netizens who agree with this matter is even slightly higher than that of male netizens.

This is somewhat incredible.

"What's wrong with this world? Is it going to restore the system of multiple wives?"

"Don't be silly. It's because our leader is charming. If it were you, even if you went for a happy ending massage, you would be scolded to death."

"By the way, have any of you contacted the leader? Does he know what happened?"

"I don't know, Captain Su should have contacted him, right?"

The members of the Road Reform Bureau were discussing here.

On the other side,

Wang Yongsan directly drove his car to Luo Yusha's dormitory building.

At this time, it was getting close to class time.

Sun Meimei and several dormitory classmates happened to walk out of the stairs together.

"Sun Meimei."

Luo Yusha pushed open the car door and stood in front of Sun Meimei.

"Sh, Sha Sha, you're back."

Sun Meimei's eyes darted around, looking scared.

"What's going on in the news? Did you help set up this trap for someone, right?" Luo Yusha was imposing.

Although there is often infighting in the girls' dormitory, Luo Yusha and her roommates have always gotten along quite well.

Everyone came together from all corners of the country, which is a rare fate. They didn't have any guard against each other in daily life. This sudden deception would make anyone furious.

"Sha Sha, listen to me, I really don't know about this matter; I was also kept in the dark."

Sun Meimei was almost crying in a hurry.

Before this, Zhou Xiaoxiao found her and said that she admired Wang Yongsan and asked her to invite him over on her birthday.

Sun Meimei and Zhou Xiaoxiao knew each other, but they weren't very close; at least not close enough to invite each other for a birthday celebration.


Chapter 483:
However, Zhou Xiaoxiao gave her an expensive birthday gift, which Sun Meimei liked very much. That's why she couldn't bear to refuse her.

"Sasha, that's how it is. Everything was arranged by Zhou Xiaoxiao. If I knew she had such a bad intention, I wouldn't have agreed to her under any circumstances."

As Sun Meimei spoke, tears also fell from her eyes.

The other two sisters in their dormitory comforted her while saying good things to Sasha.

Wang Yongsan used his memory ability to recall what happened last night and found that Sun Meimei should indeed have been unaware of the situation.

From beginning to end last night, she was happily celebrating her birthday without any suspicious behavior.

On the contrary…

"Sasha, I remember now!"

Wang Yongsan suddenly shouted loudly.

The memory returned,

That night, among the six boys other than Wang Yongsan, although they all offered him a toast and seemed to want to get him drunk, two of them were the most suspicious.

One of them made eye contact with another boy and Zhou Xiaoxiao more than once.

And the other boy was holding a phone in his hand all the time.

Holding a phone is not unusual now when everyone gathers together, as phones are always by our side.

But this person held the phone in a strange posture, as if every moment, the camera was facing our side, just like being ready to record my shameful appearance at any time.

The most noteworthy thing is,

The position of the camera in the news photos was exactly on the KTV stage.

Wang Yongsan used memory backtracking to discover that at that time, a step camera on the KTV stage was facing his phone.

And this phone belonged precisely to the second suspicious man.

Wang Yongsan got off the car and walked to Sun Meimei's side, asking, "Sun classmate, do you know the two boys sitting in the third and fourth positions to my right and Sasha's last night?"

Sun Meimei thought for a moment and asked in return, "Are you talking about Ma classmate and Chen classmate? Ma classmate is Zhou Xiaoxiao's boyfriend, and Chen classmate is the boyfriend of another girl in the photo. As for the other two girls, they are all from our women's swimming department. They are usually good people and should have been deceived by Zhou Xiaoxiao as well."

Good people?

Good girls would seduce other girls together?

I don't know if it is Sun Meimei's naivety that should be blamed or the cunning of these two girls.

Wang Yongsan pulled Luo Yusha into the car.

After the car started, Luo Yusha asked, "Yongsan, what did you remember?"

"That surnamed Ma and that surnamed Chen are the masterminds behind this. The complete video from last night is in that surnamed Chen's hands. They are now taking things out of context and using only one photo to make a fuss about it. As long as we find the videos before and after that, and put them online, my reputation can be cleared."

At this time, Wang Yongsan and Luo Yusha still didn't know that his reputation hadn't been negatively affected by this incident.

Even Pei Anbei and the second-in-command Lao Xu didn't expect that Wang Yongsan's popularity and reputation had reached such a high level.

Even the official misconduct issue, which everyone condemns, was treated as a joke by netizens.


Chapter 484:
Now both of them began to doubt whether they could really bring Wang Yongsan down even if they got their hands on the video of him raping a woman.

At this moment,

Wang Yongsan had already arrived at the Finance Department and inquired about Chen's whereabouts.

"Hey, isn't this Director Wang? You've been dismissed already. Why can't you leave?"

Before Chen finished his words, a resounding slap sent them back into his stomach.








"Someone is hitting people! Director of Road Reform is hitting someone!"

"Everyone, come and see! I didn't do anything, but he hit me for no reason. Do officials think they are great?"

Chen was knocked to the ground by Wang Yongsan's slap. Instead of being afraid, he covered his red face and shouted loudly to the surrounding people.

In an instant,

Many people gathered around from inside and outside the classroom.

Among them were several people holding cameras.

Wang Yongsan saw this and frowned.

Even if students are nosy, they would only use their phones to record videos. How could there be so many people holding cameras?

Moreover, these people looked much older than him and didn't seem to be students of the school.

"Director Wang, why did you hit your classmate for no reason?"

"As they say, don't hit a smiling person. Although what he said wasn't very pleasant, you shouldn't have hit him, right?"

"Is it because you have beaten too many people recently that you have developed a professional disease?"

"Director Wang, don't you feel that you are getting too full of yourself?"

"Director Wang, could you please answer our questions?"

Wang Yongsan understood that these people were not students but reporters.

From the scene in front of him, it seemed that these reporters were probably invited by Chen and his friends.

No wonder he didn't flee in fear but waited for himself confidently in the class, even using words to provoke him as soon as they met.

This was the second trap they had set up.

"Hey, how did you reporters get into our school?"

At a critical moment, Luo Yusha stood up and blocked Wang Yongsan in front of her.

However, many reporters were shameless.

Especially these reporters in front of them, who had no professional ethics and took money to do things for others.

When they saw Luo Yusha appear, they directly handed the microphone to her mouth.

"Are you one of Director Wang's girlfriends? What do you have to say about Director Wang's flirtatious behavior?"

"I heard that you and another girlfriend of Director Wang call each other sisters. Could it be that the three of you are now living together?"

"May I ask if you know that your behavior constitutes illegal cohabitation?"

A crowd of people were chattering in her ears, asking questions that made Luo Yusha unable to speak.

Several times she wanted to refute them, but before she could finish her words, several people asked questions together and interrupted her.

Wang Yongsan pulled her behind him and whispered, "Shasha, these people have been paid. There's no need to explain to them."

"Then what should we do? If we leave like this, they will definitely fabricate stories and say that we are afraid to accept interviews because we are at a loss."

Luo Yusha was also very clever.

However, this situation in front of them was quite unsolvable.

If you want to explain, others won't give you a chance.


Chapter 485:
You don't explain, the other party can just assume you are at fault and write whatever they want about you.

Moreover, there is also the Chen classmate on their side.

At this moment, Chen classmate points to his red face and complains loudly to the reporters, saying that Wang Yongsan came because he uploaded the pictures, so it was revenge.

"I just want everyone to know that the Taoist transformation bureau chief you admire is actually no different from other officials in private. He doesn't bribe because he comes from a wealthy family, is the son of a rich family, and when faced with women, he reveals his true colors."

"Do you want to threaten me with violence? Then have the ability to kill me."

"Even if I die, I won't yield to a hypocrite like you, Chen Tianyi."

Chen classmate speaks passionately and indignantly.

If it were someone unaware of the truth, they might really see him as an anti-corruption hero.

Wang Yongsan is so angry that his teeth chatter.

The other party has clearly framed him, and at this moment, no matter what reason he says, no one will believe it.

However, if he acts, he will be criticized, and the problem won't be solved.

Unless he can get the video from the other party, then everyone would know the cause of the incident. But Chen Tianyi is so arrogant; he probably hid the video long ago and won't easily find it.

Wang Yongsan is now in a dilemma.

What he doesn't know is that things are even worse than he imagined.

Among the crowd in front of him, there is a girl who is live-streaming the current event online.

This person is Chen Tianyi's classmate. Although she doesn't help Chen Tianyi, she believes this is a good opportunity to become popular, so she secretly sets up her phone in the corner to live-stream.

As it turns out, using Wang Yongsan to attract attention is a very effective method.

Originally, this classmate's live-streaming room only had a few dozen viewers, and the number of followers was just in the double digits.

But within three minutes of this live-stream starting, it was discovered by someone with intentions.

Then it spread from one to ten, ten to a hundred, and a hundred to a thousand. In just over ten minutes, the number of viewers broke through one thousand, and this number was growing at an increasingly exaggerated rate.

"Wow! It's the live-stream of Director Wang."

"What happened just now? Director Wang looks a bit embarrassed."

"Latecomers, I witnessed the initial process. Do you want to know what happened?"

"I wipe, don't sell out the suspense on the upstairs?"

"The gossip fire in my heart is burning fiercely. Please explain what happened to the anchor, and I'll give you a plane as a reward."

System: "Ai Xiu'er, the anchor, received a plane from Ai Shi Yu Xiao Gong Ji."

System: "Ai Xiu'er, the anchor, received a plane from Luo Yi Suo Suo."

System: "Ai Xiu'er, the anchor, received a rocket from Sichuai Zaopu."

Wow~!

The live-streaming girl is almost crying with joy.

She has been live-streaming for nearly a month, and the most she received was some fish scales. This is her first time receiving planes and rockets as gifts.

"Thank you, thank you, everyone. Thank you for your gifts. What happened was..."

The live-streamer recounts everything she knows.

However, what she knows is also what Chen Tianyi said earlier, so it's not the truth.


Chapter 486:
The audience listening to the story thought that Wang Yongsan was doomed this time. The person in charge of morality had repeatedly violated moral standards. While some could accept the previous behavior of hugging on both sides, it was too much to use one's authority to oppress those who told the truth.

At that moment, suddenly a girl stood up in the live broadcast. She pointed at Chen Tianyi and shouted, "Chen Tianyi, that's enough! You clearly played with the feelings of those girls, and Wang is just punishing you on their behalf."

Huh? Was there a twist in the story? The audience watching the live broadcast widened their eyes and listened carefully.

Chen Tianyi shouted, "Qi Xiaonuan, you need evidence to say such things. When did I play with the feelings of those girls?"

The boy next to Qi Xiaonuan stood up and pointed at Chen Tianyi, "You are a beast, Chen Tianyi! You got a girl from the neighboring class pregnant and forced her to have an abortion by herself. You are not human!"

Chen Tianyi was stunned. When did I get someone pregnant? I don't even have a girlfriend yet! Don't frame me like this!








Chen Tianyi guessed right; these classmates were deliberately framing him. Wang Yongsan was a proud graduate of the Finance Department, and they couldn't allow him to be ruined by Chen Tianyi.

The framing continued. As soon as the second boy finished speaking, a third boy stood up and pointed at Chen Tianyi, "I saw him outside the kindergarten a few days ago, bribing little girls with candy to kiss him."

"He doesn't even pay back the money he borrows, saying it was borrowed through his skills. Why should he return it?" said the fourth boy.

"Borrowing money is one thing, but he has been with four or five girls and never paid for anything. He spent all their money and bragged about being a kept man," said the fifth girl.

Chen Tianyi was heavily accused by one accusation after another. He grabbed a nearby reporter and said nervously, "Sir, madam, don't listen to their nonsense. I don't even have a girlfriend, and I never spent any girl's money. I wouldn't deceive little girls in kindergarten either. I am innocent!"

"Chen Tianyi, stop pretending!" A boy approached the camera and pointed at Chen Tianyi, "I'm from his dorm. One of the girls in yesterday's photos is his current girlfriend. Chen Tianyi forced her to seduce Wang, the manager, just to create a scandal and get on the trending list today. And he said he was tired of her anyway, so before breaking up with her, he wanted to make full use of her."

A huge wave was created by this revelation. If all these classmates' accusations were true, then Chen Tianyi would indeed be an unscrupulous scum. No wonder the righteous Wang was so angry and slapped him without a word.

Chen Tianyi felt trapped, but he didn't plan to give up. After everyone finished speaking, he suddenly laughed loudly.


Chapter 487:
"You say ah, continue to say ah, I just made a girl pregnant, I just kissed a little girl in kindergarten, not only did I kiss, but I also touched her, what can you do to me?"

"I'm not afraid to tell you the truth, these journalists are all invited by me. Today, everything I say and the grievances I endure will be played out frame by frame. As for what you guys have said..."

Chen Tianyi pointed at the classmates who helped Wang Yongsan speak out one by one.

He sneered, "Your words will be edited out and won't even leave this room. Hahaha..."

Chen Tianyi laughed arrogantly.

In the live broadcast room, the number of viewers had exceeded 100,000.

- This guy's face looks like a dog traitor.
- He might be a dog raised by the Star Flag Bank.
- I've lived for more than 20 years and have never seen such an audacious person.
- Director Wang, please start now. We support you. Even if the journalists are bought off, we will never be bribed.
- Beat him to death so he won't dare to laugh again.
- Director Wang doesn't know we are watching, so he is afraid of being blackmailed and dares not to act.
- Please tell Director Wang about the live broadcast, let him know that we support him.
- If Director Wang beats this dog today, I will send the host 10 planes as a reward. Let the barrage be our witness.
- Count me in for one plane too.
- I'll also contribute one plane. Please go ahead, host.
With so many people supporting him and offering to send planes as gifts, the host, who originally wanted to help Wang Yongsan speak up, immediately ran forward happily.

"Director Wang, you can rest assured to deal with him. I have been live streaming. At least 100,000 people saw what Chen Tianyi said just now. He can't deny it."

Huh?
Chen Tianyi was stunned.

The reason he dared to be so arrogant was because the journalists were on his side, and he had the power to control public opinion.

However, he never expected that in the midst of everyone's anger, someone would actually be quietly live streaming in a corner.

He had clearly checked the surroundings earlier, and no one was recording with their phones.

"Let me see."

Wang Yongsan asked the host for his phone and saw that it was indeed live streaming.

At this moment, the barrage was flying by rapidly, all of them greeting Wang Yongsan and urging him to beat up this dog son.

What is it to have the support of the people?

When you are in a difficult situation, you don't need to beg others or make any explanations. Naturally, there will be people who believe in you and stand up for you.

"Thank you, thank you all, thank you very much."

Wang Yongsan said "thank you" three times in a row. He was truly touched.

Previously, he was an outcast who everyone despised. At that time, he thought that he would never be looked up to by others.

But today, everyone showed their support for Wang Yongsan with actions, telling him that his classmates not only respected him but would also stand behind him and support him wholeheartedly.

After returning the phone to the host, Wang Yongsan looked around at everyone in front of him.

Chen Tianyi was completely scared and kept taking steps back.

The journalists also put down their cameras, looking at each other in confusion, not knowing what would happen next.


Chapter 488:
“You, as media journalists, actually fail to distinguish between good and evil, aid the wicked, and for personal gain, you have tarnished the reputation of the entire industry. Tell me yourselves, isn't this moral decay?”

Wang Yongsan's voice was low and his face showed anger.

The reputation he had built recently turned into an invisible pressure, making the journalists feel suffocated.

Only then did the journalists realize they had offended the wrong person and one by one, they quietly lowered their heads.

“Director Wang, this is Longtai, not Xixuan. We have moral issues and we acknowledge our mistakes. We are willing to make a profound self-criticism when we return. How about you let this matter slide?”

A journalist mustered up the courage to speak.

However, everyone could see that from the moment he spoke his first word until the last, sweat was pouring out of his head at a visible speed.

He was afraid.

Afraid of getting beaten up.

Wang Yongsan sneered coldly, “What? I've only been in Xixuan for a few days and Longtai has already forgotten my words?”

He scanned the room, saying with unwavering determination:

“I've said it before. If something doesn't fall under legal jurisdiction, I will handle it with means outside the law. Similarly, if Longtai people are beyond the reach of the Department of Road Reform, I can still use means outside the rules of the road to deal with them today.”

“However, seeing that you are now so regretful, I can give you a chance.”

“You can punish yourselves. As long as everyone feels your sincerity, I will let you off.”

“Otherwise, you should know that my actions are not measured lightly.”

Wang Yongsan's words were like a mountain, weighing heavily on the journalists' hearts.

And hidden behind them, Chen Tianyi felt even heavier than the journalists.

These journalists were just taking money and doing things for enemies, so they had to face moral punishment. But he, Chen Tianyi, was the mastermind who personally planned all the schemes to frame Wang Yongsan.

Now that Wang Yongsan was dealing with these journalists, it was like an appetizer before a meal. After finishing with the journalists, the main course would begin.








“Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!”

In the classroom, there was a sound of slapping.

A male journalist took the lead and slapped himself hard.

After ten slaps, until his face was somewhat swollen, he asked Wang Yongsan: “Director Wang, do you think this is sincere enough?”

Although slapping oneself ten times was embarrassing.

But if Wang Yongsan did it, it might not just be ten slaps that could resolve the matter.

Most of the journalists who came were women, and perhaps Wang Yongsan would show mercy towards them. But for him, a male journalist, he might not escape getting beaten up badly.

So such ‘sincerity’ was truly his best choice.

“Your sincerity is quite good; you can leave now,” Wang Yongsan nodded.

This male journalist was relieved and quickly left with his camera in hand.

Wang Yongsan looked at the others: “What about you? Will you punish yourselves, or shall I do it for you?”

A group of people looked gloomy; no one dared to say that Wang Yongsan should do it for them.

Even the few female journalists did not dare to test Wang Yongsan's methods.


Chapter 489:
Thus, everyone followed suit, and the sound of slaps echoed throughout the classroom.

After one person had slapped themselves ten times, Wang Yongsan spoke up: "Today's events should serve as a lesson to you. As members of the media, you are the eyes and ears of the public. Your reports determine what we see and hear. If you dare to falsify or distort the truth again, I will not spare you."

"Director Wang, we know we were wrong and won't dare to do it again."

The group of journalists stammered in submission.

Wang Yongsan waved his hand dismissively: "You may leave now."

Instantly, the journalists felt as if they had been granted amnesty and scrambled to leave.

In the classroom, only the students remained.

Chen Tianyi had already retreated to the corner of the room.

Wang Yongsan approached him, and Chen Tianyi was almost scared to the point of urination.

"Director Wang, we're all classmates; let's talk this out calmly. I know I was wrong, and I'll slap myself."

After saying this, Chen Tianyi began slapping himself repeatedly.

Wang Yongsan ignored him and stood in front of Chen Tianyi, looking down at him: "Chen Tianyi, do you think a few slaps can resolve what you've done?"

"No, no, I know I was wrong. Please forgive me; I'll record a video and personally explain everything online to clear your name, okay?"

Chen Tianyi pleaded with wide eyes.

However, Wang Yongsan's response was a cold and firm "No."

For the next period, Wang Yongsan demonstrated to all the students how to inflict pain without leaving obvious marks.

The classroom was filled with cries and wails, and even from the floor below, one could hear Chen Tianyi's cries.

For an entire morning class session, Chen Tianyi experienced almost every kind of pain imaginable in his life.

Wang Yongsan then found another male student and repeated the process, beating him to the point of defecating and urinating on himself while tears and snot flowed freely.

As for the four female students who had framed Chen Tianyi, Wang Yongsan didn't bother to deal with them, fearing it would dirty his hands.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video.

He needed to return to Xixuang and upload the video to the official website of the Department of Road Reform.

At the same time, he had to capture those Chen Tianyi confessed to and give them a taste of the whip lash.

"Sasha, I should go back now."

After handling the two male students, Wang Yongsan's phone had recorded a video


Chapter 490:
```
Wang Yongsan hadn't even asked anything yet, and Gao Secretary had already confessed everything.

Looking at Gao Shun's tearful and snotty appearance, Wang Yongsan couldn't help but smirk.

He didn't know when it started, but he could actually scare people like this.

"Alright, I know what happened now. You'll voluntarily confess and then receive three whips. Is there a problem?"

"Ah? Three whips?" Gao Shun seized the opportunity to bargain.

Wang Yongsan raised his eyebrows and said in a strange voice, "What? Think it's too little? How about I give you five or seven whips instead?"

"No, no, three whips are fine. Three whips are fine."

Gao Secretary quickly changed his tune.

Wang Yongsan didn't bother with him anymore. He had captured him just to confirm who the real mastermind behind everything was.

Now that he knew, there was no need to pay attention to him anymore.

"Ma Hongyu, take a team and bring back Pei Anbei and Xu Youren."

"Yes, leader."

Ma Hongyu was the captain of Team One in the Road Improvement Bureau. Upon hearing this, he immediately assembled his men and set off to find their targets.

Xiwang Hospital.

Inpatient Department,

Third Floor, Deluxe Room.

Pei Anbei and his second-in-command Xu Youren were lying face down on two separate hospital beds.

"It's all your fault. What kind of scheme were you trying to pull off? Now that the plan has failed, what if he finds out it was us who stabbed him in the back? We're doomed!" Pei Anbei scolded his second-in-command angrily.

"Um, I don't think so. Gao Shun is the most tight-lipped person. He should be able to take responsibility for everything himself, right?"

When Xu Youren said this, he wasn't entirely sure himself.

Pei Anbei cursed, "Are you stupid? In the past, Gao Shun had us protecting him, so of course he could keep his mouth shut. But now that both of us have been beaten and hospitalized, do you still expect Gao Shun to be brave? I think before Wang Yongsan finds him, he will confess on his own."

"Pei Brother, why don't we just run away?" The second-in-command said with a bitter face.

"Run?"

Pei Anbei widened his eyes and said, "My roots are here. My family is here. Where can I run to?"

The two top leaders of Xiwang City, figures who once commanded the wind and rain in Xiwang, were now troubled just thinking about Wang Yongsan.

At that moment,

The door of the luxurious ward was pushed open.

Two white-haired elders in their fifties walked in, and one of them asked Pei Anbei and Xu Youren, "You two are the top leaders of Xiwang City?"

"Who are you?"

"Who allowed you to come in?"

Although Pei Anbei and Xu Youren acted like grandsons in front of Wang Yongsan, they still had some authority when facing others.

However,

Their authority was quickly shattered by the visitor.

The speaker simply waved his hand and sent out a burst of internal energy, directly shattering the two men's hospital beds.

Then he sneered disdainfully, "A pair of stray dogs, daring to bark in front of me. If I didn't need to use you to control Xiwang, this palm strike just now would have taken your lives."








The hospital was not far from the municipal government building.

Wang Yongsan sat in his office at the Road Improvement Bureau, uploaded the video he had taken from Chen Tianyi onto the internet, and then realized that the people he had sent to arrest them hadn't returned yet.

"Hmm, could it be that they didn't find anyone? Why haven't they come back yet?"
```
Note: The provided Chinese text appears to be incomplete, as it abruptly ends with the mention of "Hidden Family" without providing any context or continuation. Therefore, I have translated only the provided text up to that point. If there is more context or content following this, please provide it so I can complete the translation accordingly.


Chapter 491:
Wang Yongsan felt something was amiss.

However, he merely assumed that Pei Anbei and the two might have fled due to guilt, without considering anything wrong with his subordinates.

After all, the Dao Reform members were all cyborgs with physical attributes far superior to ordinary people; no one could do anything about them.

Buzzing~

The phone rang.

Wang Yongsan took out his phone and saw that it was Ma Hongyu, the one he sent to capture people.

"Hello, Hongyu, did you encounter any trouble?"

"Haha, they not only encountered trouble but a big one."

A slightly aged male voice suddenly came from the phone.

Wang Yongsan's brows furrowed.

"Who are you?"

"Who I am, you will eventually know. What you should be concerned about now is the safety of your subordinates. I'm not joking with you. From now on, if you don't come to the Zhou family villa to see me within half an hour, I will kill one of your subordinates every minute."

After the elderly voice finished speaking, he hung up directly.

Half an hour.

From the municipal building to the Zhou family villa, it would take exactly that long by car.

If you drove even a little slower, you might exceed the time limit.

"Damn it, this grandson is definitely intentional."

Without having time to consider what dangers there might be, Wang Yongsan stood up and ran out.

Downstairs.

Driving.

Twenty-nine minutes later, he barely made it to the entrance of the Zhou family villa.

Wang Yongsan jumped out of the car and walked directly into the small courtyard of the villa, pushing the door open.

"Leader."

"Wang leader."

As soon as Wang Yongsan entered the door, he saw his subordinates kneeling on both sides in two rows.

Including Ma Hongyu, several of his subordinates had injuries of varying severity on their bodies.

Sitting across from the living room were two men who looked to be in their fifties, while Pei Anbei and Xu Youren were enduring the pain in their backs to serve tea for them, like waiters.

Wang Yongsan waved his right hand, and internal strength shot out in a three-dimensional manner.

The eight Dao Reform members on both sides had their ropes simultaneously broken by him with a single grip.

"Leader, it was our fault for not doing our job well. Those two old men are very strong; we were no match for them."

Dao Reform Captain Ma Hongyu said apologetically with a hint of guilt in his voice.

Wang Yongsan waved his hand: "It's not your fault this time."

After breaking through to the Perforation Orifice Realm, Wang Yongsan's ability to perceive Qi had changed as well.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan used his ability to perceive Qi and saw the cultivation levels of the two men in front of him.

One of them was at Perforation Orifice Realm Second Layer, having opened three groups of acupoints on his right arm and two groups on his left leg.

The other was at Perforation Orifice Realm First Layer, having only opened one group of acupoints on his left hand. His Qi was not stable yet, indicating that he had just advanced to the Perforation Orifice Realm.

"I don't know what the two of you want from me, but your methods of inviting people are a bit too much."

Wang Yongsan signaled Ma Hongyu and the others to step back before walking towards the sofa step by step.

One of the elderly men chuckled, not answering Wang Yongsan's words but instead saying to the other, "What a promising young man! I thought the rumors were false before, but it turns out there really is such a young Perforation Orifice Realm cultivator."

The other old man nodded: "It's just a pity that his edge is too sharp; steel that's too hard breaks easily."

</div>


Chapter 492:
Wang Yongsan also walked to the sofa, found a spot facing the two of them and sat down.

He asked, "The both of you haven't answered me yet. Why did you look for me? And why did you hurt my people?"

Perhaps it was Wang Yongsan's tone that angered one of the old men.

He immediately shouted at Wang Yongsan, "Young man, is this how you talk to your elders? If you were in our family, with such a tone of voice, we would cut off all your cultivation resources."

"Haha."

Wang Yongsan sneered, "Old man, don't try to act superior in front of me. I asked you why you hit my people. If you can't give me a reasonable reason, don't blame me for showing you what it means not to respect your elders."

"Hahahaha."

The old man laughed loudly.

Without warning, his internal energy surged like a tidal wave towards Wang Yongsan's face.

Wang Yongsan had already prepared his cat eyes and was ready to dodge as soon as the old man's hand went up.

At the same time, a white golden flame appeared in his eyes and as he dodged to the side, a ball of white golden flame also appeared out of thin air on the old man's body.

"Brother be careful!"

When the old man saw the white golden flame, he immediately shouted in alarm.

The old man obviously knew Wang Yongsan's flame control ability and when he felt the sudden rise in temperature at his chest, he quickly abandoned his pursuit and retreated rapidly backwards.

Boom!

The sofa behind Wang Yongsan was punched into pieces.

The other sofas were also ignited by the overflowing temperature of the white golden flame.

The two old men were sweating with fear.

At a distance of two or three meters, they could ignite the sofa. If such temperature got close, there would be no reason to survive.

Wang Yongsan smirked and the white flame in his eyes danced wildly.

"How about it? Do you two still intend to continue acting superior?"

The old man and the old man exchanged glances and both saw shock in each other's eyes.

Originally, they had already done some research on Wang Yongsan, but only after truly fighting did they realize that his reaction speed and flame control ability far exceeded their imagination.

The old man shook his head lightly, then faced Wang Yongsan with a smile on his face: "Haha, I am Yu Haozheng, the current head of the Yu family. This is my brother Yu HaoYang. We were just trying to test your cultivation, Brother Wang. You won't blame us, will you?"

Wang Yongsan also bowed his head slightly. His smile was cold but not warm, "I am Wang Yongsan. May I ask the both of you, what brings you here?"

Yu Haozheng's expression became serious and he asked, "Brother Wang, was it you who killed Zhou Yitang?"

Wang Yongsan raised his eyebrows, "Indeed."

"Do you know what relationship my Yu family has with the Zhou family?"

Yu Haozheng's face turned dark.

Wang Yongsan sneered, "I don't care what relationship you have with him. Zhou Yitang was a tyrant who oppressed the citizens, but he also betrayed his country and helped foreigners to deal with our Dao Reform Bureau. If I don't kill him, how can I appease the masses?"

"As for you two, are you perhaps allies of the Zhou family and want to take revenge on my behalf?"

Wang Yongsan's eyes stared provocatively at the two old men in front of him.
```


Chapter 493:
And Yu Haozheng and Yu Haoyang were equally imposing as they stared at him.

After a long while, the two brothers Yu Haozheng and Yu Haoyang simultaneously withdrew their gazes and burst into laughter.

Then, Yu Haozheng said, "Brother Wang, your words are incorrect. A traitor is someone everyone has the right to kill. Although our Yu family and Zhou family are connected by marriage, we would never protect them. My second brother and I have come here to get closer to you."

"Bring them in," Yu Haozheng called out behind him.

Suddenly, a pair of identical twin beauties shyly emerged from the room behind them.








Seeing this, Wang Yongsan's brows furrowed. "What do you two mean by this?"

Yu Haozheng did not answer but beckoned the two sisters forward and introduced them, "These two are my direct descendants from the ninth generation of our Yu family. They are also my granddaughters. Brother Wang, you are a young hero, and our Yu family is very interested in you. Knowing your fondness for beautiful women, I wonder if Qingcheng and Qingguo can catch your eye?"

The two beauties were named Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo.

In terms of beauty, they were indeed rare.

But in Wang Yongsan's eyes, there was only Luo Yishao; the others had been invited but were unrelated to him.

Wang Yongsan didn't expect the two elders to start fighting and then suddenly change their attitude, offering him women.

But he was definitely not going to accept such a gift.

However, for the sake of the girls' faces, he politely declined, "I appreciate your kindness, but unfortunately, I, Wang Yongsan, already have a beloved. I don't have the fortune to be with them."

"Hahaha, Brother Wang is also a person from the martial world. How can your thoughts be so feudal? As a master of the Breakthrough Realm and an expert in Fire Control Art, such a hero having three wives and four concubines is perfectly normal."

After saying this, Yu Haozheng waved to the two girls and said, "Go ahead, accompany Brother Wang and cultivate some feelings."

Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo were about sixteen or seventeen years old.

Hearing this, they blushed but still resolutely walked towards Wang Yongsan's side.

"Stop!" Wang Yongsan shouted coldly, preventing the two from approaching.

Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo saw that he was unhappy, so they asked with some grievance, "Brother Wang, is it because we are not beautiful enough that you dislike us?"

Wang Yongsan felt a headache and said, "Don't tell me you two are from ancient times? You listen so obediently to the old guys, and besides, you two are sisters from the same mother. How can you accept serving one man together?"

Before Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo could speak, the elder behind them, Yu Haozheng, laughed.

"Brother Wang, our Yu family is a hidden family in the Western Wilderness. To put it simply, we are isolated from society. If you see us as ancient people, that's fine too."

A hidden family?

Wang Yongsan had seen a hidden family before, the Chen Family Boxing.

However, compared to the Yu family, although there were some strange rules in the Chen family, they still looked quite similar to people from society.

Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo, upon hearing that Wang Yongsan wasn't disgusted by their appearance, also relaxed their expressions.


Chapter 494:
The two seemed to be of one mind, and their words were in sync as they spoke together: "Young Master Wang, you are mistaken. My sister and I have been together since childhood. If we were to be separated because of a man, it would be unbearable."

"If you do not mind, we sisters are willing to serve and accompany you. When the time is right, we will hold hands together."

Wang Yongsan felt his head splitting in two.

As the saying goes, it is difficult to bear the affection of a beautiful woman.

In front of him were not only beauties, but also twin beauties. Moreover, as long as he agreed, he could have them both at will.

Such temptation made Wang Yongsan feel flushed and short of breath, even though he was determined.

"You two, don't try to change the subject. I ask you why you attacked my people?"

Wang Yongsan said through gritted teeth.

However, combined with his flushed face, his aura was immediately reduced by eight points.

"Oh, about that. It was all a misunderstanding," Yu Haozheng said with a smile on his face.

"Misunderstanding? What kind of misunderstanding made you beat my people like this?" Wang Yongsan didn't believe it was a misunderstanding.

Now the whole country knew about the existence of the Dao Reform Bureau, and Ma Hongyu's big head photos were also posted on the official website. How could anyone mistake them for kidnappers?

"This is what happened," Yu Haozheng explained. "Today we were looking for the two leaders to discuss something when we happened to see your people arresting them. You know, our family is hidden from the world and doesn't interact with society, so we misunderstood."

My mother.

It was another hidden family.

Wang Yongsan felt his heart beating wildly as he looked at the two twin beauties.

He didn't want to stay here any longer and tried to minimize the issue: "Alright, I believe you. We'll put this incident aside for now. Just hand over Pei Anbei and Xu Youren, and we'll have no conflicts from now on."

"That won't do," Yu Haozheng took a step to the right and stood in front of Pei Anbei and Xu Youren.

He said solemnly, "Although the Zhou family has fallen, their assets are still there, and our Yu family's daughter is still with them. Now the Zhou family is in chaos, and we don't understand the outside rules. We need these two people to get more assets."

"Do hidden families also need businesses from the outside world?" Wang Yongsan asked in confusion.

"That's not your concern," Yu Haozheng said. "Unless you marry our Yu family's daughter or join our family, then we will not only give you the two men but also help you rise to a higher level. What do you think?"

When it came to marrying the daughter, Wang Yongsan blushed.

"I don't think so. You can use them first, but remember, I will keep my whip for Pei Xing. Unless they die, they won't be able to escape."

Wang Yongsan didn't want to stay here for another minute. After saying that, he turned and left.

"Stop him!" Yu Haozheng shouted to stop him.

"What else do you want?" Wang Yongsan asked impatiently.

Yu Haozheng had a sinister smile on his face and spoke slowly: "To tell you the truth, our family is preparing to enter the world today, and our target is the Western Wilderness."


Chapter 495:
"Brother Wang Xiaoliu has reached the Break Blood realm at such a young age and is also a high-ranking official in Western Wilderness. Once our Yu family takes control of this place, we will inevitably have some interactions with you. If we are not one family by then, there might be many conflicts between us."

Wang Yongsan sneered and said, "If you don't make mistakes, I won't find fault with you."

"What if we do make mistakes?"

Yu Haozheng's eyes were burning as he stared at Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan finally understood that these two old guys had come to find him today. They gave him a cold shoulder, sent women, and talked so much nonsense just to tell him one thing.

They were going to stir up trouble in Western Wilderness and wanted him to choose a side ahead of time.

If he joined forces with them, not only would he gain the support of the Yu family, but he would also obtain a pair of beautiful sisters.

If he opposed them, they would probably start killing him next.

And usually, there was no need for a hidden family of such a large scale to enter the world.

Then, there was only one possibility left.

"You Yu family must be targeting the genetic research materials, right?" Wang Yongsan asked in a deep voice.

Western Wilderness was the genetic research base of Blood Skulls.

Although it had been destroyed twice by him, no one knew if there were any remnants left.

A hidden family like the Yu family with two Break Orifice masters would have a chance to target the Blood Skulls' experiments.








Wang Yongsan's guess was correct.

Yu Haozheng clapped his hands and said, "Excellent, excellent! I find you more impressive with each passing moment. If you accept Qingcheng and Qingguo, I guarantee that the position of Great Elder in our family's next election will be yours."

In a hidden family, power was mainly concentrated in the hands of the patriarch.

As for elders, they were the ones with the most power in the family besides the patriarch.

Wang Yongsan didn't share the same surname as Yu, so he couldn't become the patriarch of the Yu family. Offering him the position of Great Elder was already the greatest sincerity from the Yu family.

Unfortunately, different paths lead to different actions.

Wang Yongsan had no interest in this and would never accept two beautiful girls.

The atmosphere in the villa became somewhat tense.

Although Yu Haozheng and Yu Haoyang were smiling, their nerves had already been stretched taut. As soon as Wang Yongsan dared to say no, they would immediately strike first and control him.

Or even kill him directly.

A sly smile appeared on Wang Yongsan's lips as he said, "What if I refuse?"

"I still hope Brother Wang Xiaoliu will consider it carefully." Yu Haozheng's smile didn't reach his eyes.

At this point, the attitudes of both sides had almost been made clear.

With both sides making their moves simultaneously, the answer was completely revealed.

"Kill!"

"Get out of here!"

Both sides attacked at the same time.

Wang Yongsan's eyes flickered with flames as his right palm's orifice spewed out a torrent of internal energy.

Boom boom boom boom boom…

A series of explosions resounded in the air as the internal energy collided.

Although Qingcheng and Qingguo were young, they had already reached the Xisheng ninth level, far surpassing their peers.

(Note: "Xisheng" is the Chinese term for "Washing Meridians," a cultivation realm in wuxia and xianxia novels.)


Chapter 496:
At this moment, although they were slightly away from the site where the powerful energy forces collided, they still suffered numerous skin injuries caused by various debris scattered in all directions.

Suddenly,

A sharp splinter of wooden board was blown away by the explosion, aiming straight at Yu Qingcheng's face.

If this splinter landed completely, even if Yu Qingcheng didn't die, her eyes would be pierced by the wooden board.

It was too fast.

Yu Qingcheng only saw a black dot rapidly shooting towards her face, and she didn't have time to react.

At the critical moment, a thumb-sized white and golden flame suddenly appeared out of thin air in front of her.

The scorching high temperature dried her face, and the wooden splinter was directly hit by the white and golden flame.

A 'puff' sound was heard.

The wooden splinter, which couldn't even penetrate the flame, turned into ashes.

"Such terrifying temperature."

Yu Qingcheng was shocked.

At the same time, she felt touched.

In such a fierce battle, someone was still paying attention to her, which made the sixteen or seventeen-year-old girl unable to resist falling for it?

However, in fact,

Wang Yongsan's cat eyes had discovered the situation when the wooden splinter just burst out. Although he burned it into ashes with flame right before it was about to hit her, this was also the choice he made after struggling.

No matter what happened to the Yu family, the two girls were innocent. If he could save them but didn't, Wang Yongsan wouldn't be able to pass his conscience.

On the contrary, Yu Haozheng was exactly the opposite of Wang Yongsan. This guy had no conscience at all.

Seeing that Wang Yongsan was still protecting his granddaughter amidst the fierce battle, Yu Haozheng couldn't help but burst into laughter and ordered, "Qingcheng Qingguo, kill him for me."

Hearing the order, both girls were stunned. This was different from what the family head had said before, and they didn't react immediately.

"Grandpa, why..."

The two girls asked in unison.

However, when Yu Haozheng saw them disobeying his order, he immediately flew into a rage.

"Damn it, how dare you disobey the family head's words? Do you want to be punished by the family law? Immediately go up and kill him."

At the same time, he waved his hand, and the internal energy wrapped around Qingcheng and Qingguo, throwing them towards Wang Yongsan.

"Animal."

Wang Yongsan cursed angrily, reaching out with both hands to hug the two girls around their waists.

Before he could put them down, Yu Haoyang in front had already punched out with all his might.

"Die!"

This punch used all his strength, although it avoided Qingcheng and Qingguo, the scattered energy was not something that two girls at the ninth level of Ximai could resist.

It could be said that if this punch landed, even if Wang Yongsan didn't die first, the two girls might both perish.

"Second Grandpa?"

"No!"

Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth: "Damn it, what a pair of old animals."

He suddenly turned around and used the ability to concentrate all his internal energy on his back, forcibly enduring this blow for the two girls.

"Ah!"

A mouthful of blood spurted out.

Even with the protection of the ability to use luck and the metabolic energy of the piggybacking ability, Wang Yongsan was severely injured by this punch.


Chapter 497:
“Hahahaha, I thought you really didn't care for women. Now that you are severely injured, even if you regret it and want to join our Yu family, there's no chance.” Yu Haozheng laughed arrogantly.

The situation had escalated to the point where both sides were now enemies, and they naturally dared not release their prey.

Unfortunately for them, Wang Yongsan had another trick up his sleeve.

The ‘Disoriented’ skill of the Awakening Crystal, while its effects were average, consumed a tremendous amount of mental power.

Wang Yongsan had initially not wanted to use it, but now that his body was injured, he could only resort to it.

“Disoriented.”

As Wang Yongsan shouted, a purple light flashed out from the Awakening Crystal in his hand.

The purple light struck Yu Haozheng's forehead, instantly causing him to fall into a dazed state.

“Die for me!”

Wang Yongsan had already categorized the two old men as beasts in his heart, and he unleashed a white gold flame with full intent.

“No, Big Brother, wake up quickly!”

Yu Haoyang saw that things were going wrong and hurriedly rushed to his brother's side, trying hard to wake him up.

However, his arm happened to block Wang Yongsan's line of sight.

A ball of white gold flame instantly burned on his arm, and within two breaths, it completely severed his right arm.

“Ahhhhh, my arm!”

Yu Haoyang was frightened and afraid, grabbing his severed arm with one hand and screaming as he retreated.

Wang Yongsan snorted coldly, and the white gold flame in his eyes gathered again.

This time, he was going to burn off Yu Haozheng's head.

At this moment,

“Young Master, please don't! Please spare the two grandfathers!”

The beautiful sisters Qingchun and Qingguo, who had just been saved, knelt on the ground together to plead.

“What are you doing?”

Wang Yongsan shouted angrily, “It was the grandfathers you just mentioned who almost killed you both. It was me who risked severe injury to save you!”

The two women knelt on the ground, tears in their eyes as they said, “We will never forget Young Master's life-saving grace. But our bodies and hair are all gifts from our elders. No matter what mistakes they made, they are still our grandfathers!”

“If Young Master has any resentment, we sisters are willing to repay them with our lives!”

What the hell?

This situation was getting out of hand.

Wang Yongsan couldn't understand how there could be people like the Qingchun and Qingguo sisters.

Was this the legendary result of education brainwashing?

Washing people into fools?








In fact, many things that ordinary people cannot understand are due to different perspectives.

For Qingchun and Qingguo, the education they received since childhood was that the patriarch is supreme, and everything must be done according to his will.

Especially for them, since they were cultivated as bargaining chips by the Yu family and were not allowed to see people, the ideas instilled in them by their family became the only things they could believe.

Just like some monks who are not afraid of death, so were the two sisters.

“You… Are you stupid?”

Wang Yongsan felt like he was talking to a wall as he asked the Qingchun and Qingguo sisters.

The two sisters continued to kneel on the ground, begging Wang Yongsan for mercy.

On the other side,


Chapter 498:
Yu Haoyang also knelt on the ground, begging for mercy loudly: "Brother Wang, please show mercy. Our Yu family gives up the Western Wilderness. Please put out the fire first. We can talk about it calmly."

The white-golden flames on his arm were almost reaching his shoulder.

In a few moments, it might reach his head.

Wang Yongsan looked at the sisters Qingcheng and Qingguo kneeling on the ground begging for mercy. He gritted his teeth and said fiercely, "No, these two old thieves are essentially vicious beasts. I won't let them go."

Would he soften his heart when seeing beautiful women begging for mercy?

Sorry, Wang Yongsan was not that kind of person.

The flames in his eyes flared up again, ready to burn Yu Haozheng to death with a single flame. Suddenly, his pocketed phone rang.

Wang Yongsan turned his gaze to Yu Haozheng while subconsciously taking out his phone and glancing at it.

"Hmm? It's Brother Ye's call."

Brother Ye, who was currently fighting with the Yu family, suddenly called him. Could it be related to the Yu family?

Wang Yongsan was worried that if he killed the wrong person, it might cause trouble. He hesitated for a moment before changing the white-golden flames into red ones, setting Yu Haozheng ablaze.

Then he withdrew his mental power from the Spiritual Crystal, and only then did he answer the call.

"Ahhhhh! It's so hot! Why am I on fire?"

Yu Haozheng regained his senses from his 'soul-loss' state and immediately realized he was engulfed in flames.

He couldn't bother to look for trouble with Wang Yongsan and frantically unleashed his internal energy to extinguish the red flames on him.

Wang Yongsan moved further away before answering the call.

"Hello, Brother Ye, what's up?"

"Yongsan, why are there screams over there?"

Wang Yongsan replied directly: "Brother Ye, I'm currently with people from the hidden family Yu. They wanted to kill me but ended up being set on fire by me. You called just now, is it because of them? If not, I'm going to kill them."

"Uh… it's not because of that."

As Wang Yongsan was about to turn the red flames back into white-golden ones, Ye Rui continued: "But you'd better not kill them for now."

"Why?"

The white-golden flames in Wang Yongsan's eyes went out.

Ye Rui said, "Because I have some trouble here that needs you to come and save the situation immediately. If there are any powerful figures in the Yu family, you might as well try to recruit them—it's good to have more helpers."

Recruit them?

And go save the situation?

Ye Rui was a master of breaking through acupoints, and there were also Ling Zong, the minister in charge of the city, and Chen Qiyi, the head of the Chen family—a second-level master of breaking through acupoints through his sister. Yet, he still needed him to save the situation?

"Brother Ye, what exactly happened? Can you explain briefly?" Wang Yongsan asked curiously.

Ye Rui summarized and said quickly: "This is it. We broke up the experimental base of Blood Skull a few days ago, which dealt quite a heavy blow to their domestic forces. Now that Blood Skull is short of manpower, they used a ruthless tactic."

"They released several bottles of gene evolution potions and gene recovery potions, sending them to the major hidden families."

"With the aid of these potions, several people from the hidden families have successively broken through to the realm of breaking acupoints."

[Note: The translation follows the provided rules, maintaining the original formatting and translating every part of the text accurately into fluent English. The names are kept consistent, and direct speech is properly formatted with true double quotes.]


Chapter 499:
"These hidden families have no external needs, but due to the emergence of genetic potions, they suddenly went crazy. They came together to our regulatory department to petition and make trouble, wanting all martial artists to enter the world."

"We are currently negotiating with them, but there are too many of their Broken Vein experts and even a mage. So I thought of you and hoped you could come to help out."

The martial arts regulatory department exists to oversee the martial artists.

And the major hidden families are the primary focus of the regulatory department's oversight.

However, at this moment, several hidden families have joined forces and are completely disregarding the martial arts regulatory department, demanding to enter the world together.

It's important to note that although there have always been martial artists in society, they are a small minority and generally well-behaved. But if all the hidden families enter the world, society would suddenly have countless martial artists to regulate.

It would be impossible to supervise them all, leading to numerous issues.

"Alright, I'll try my best to get there quickly."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan's intent flickered, and he extinguished the flames on Yu Haozheng and Yu Haoyang's bodies.

At this point, one of Yu Haoyang's arms had been burned up to his shoulder.

Although Yu Haozheng endured a lower temperature of red flames and had higher cultivation, he was still burned black all over, with some parts even having cooked meat.

"Damn it, I'm going to kill you!"

Yu Haozheng was shaking with anger, but he could only bare his teeth without daring to bite.

Wang Yongsan sneered, "Today, I'll give you a chance because of your granddaughter. Choose either to submit or die."

"You want us to submit to you?" Yu Haozheng couldn't believe it.

"So what if you don't want to? Then die!"

Wang Yongsan didn't have time to waste words with them.

However, before he could release his flames, he heard two 'thump' sounds.

Yu Haozheng and Yu Haoyang had already kneeled on the ground in unison.

"I thought you guys had some backbone, but you knelt so quickly?"

Yu Haozheng and Yu Haoyang were almost suffocated with grievance.

But they understood the principle of preserving life for future use. As long as they didn't die today, they could betray him anytime later.

Wang Yongsan had the same idea.

After using them today, he would burn these two old bastards to death with a fire, so as not to worry about someone stabbing him in the back later.

"Thank you, benefactor, thank you, benefactor!"

Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo saw this and kept kowtowing to Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan didn't have the face to accept such a big gift from them and quickly said, "Both of you should get up. If you continue like this, I'll change my mind."

When the sisters heard this, they stopped kowtowing and stood up from the ground.

Wang Yongsan sighed in relief and instructed, "Ma Hongyu, continue taking them back. I have urgent matters to attend to in Linjiang. Both old ghosts will come with me. If you dare to play tricks, I'll burn you all up!"

Pei Anbei and Xu Youren thought they had hit it off with the Yu family and could escape Wang Yongsan's disaster, but they didn't expect that before they could be happy for half a day, the two elders of the Yu family would be recruited by Wang Yongsan.


Chapter 500:
Two people's faces collapsed instantly, looking even worse than when their whole family had died.








Zhou's driver and car were top-notch, and two and a half hours later, Wang Yongsan and the two brothers from the Yu family arrived in Linjiang.

Tianchi Club.

This was also the headquarters of the Jianghu Supervision Department.

Wang Yongsan led the two brothers from the Yu family to a special high-level conference room on the second floor. Before reaching the door, they heard a commotion of arguing voices inside.

Wang Yongsan knocked on the door in front of him, but no one responded inside for a long time. It seemed that they hadn't heard it at all.

"Crack."

Wang Yongsan simply pushed the door open on his own.

"Hmm? Who is this? When did a person like this get to attend a gathering of big shots?"

"No, his aura is the Broken Orifice Realm."

When Wang Yongsan entered, several people at the door first showed displeasure on their faces.

But when they felt his aura and cultivation, their expressions immediately changed.

At this time, Ye Qing and others also saw Wang Yongsan and hurriedly stood up to greet him: "Mr. Wang, come and sit over here."

Wang Yongsan walked in, then waved to the person behind him: "Come here."

The tone of command was as if he were calling a dog.

The two brothers from the Yu family had originally hidden outside the door, feeling embarrassed to go in. But after being summoned like this, they had nowhere to hide.

The two of them put on a face and walked in as if nothing had happened.

However, although they had changed into new clothes before coming, one of them was burned like charcoal all over, and the other had even lost an arm. Even a fool could tell that they had just suffered injuries.

"Sigh~aren't these two the elder and second brother of the Western Wilderness Yu family? How were they beaten to such a miserable state by someone?"

"It seems that they came with this young man in front, so could it be that they have joined some top-tier family and become the direct descendants' guards?"

"No, a young man at the Broken Orifice Realm. Could he be that legendary Wang from the Dao Reform Bureau?"

"It seems to be called Wang Yongsan."

"Yes, yes, I thought it was just a rumor spreading, but it turns out to be true."

"That means the rumors about him knowing Xuan Shu should also be correct. It's possible that these two brothers were tortured to this state by this guy."

The two brothers from the Yu family were both well-known figures.

They might not be recognized by society, but within the hidden families, both elder brother Yu Haozheng and second brother were notorious figures.

Especially the elder brother, Yu Haozheng, who was at the second level of the Broken Orifice Realm. In the entire Lu Shan Province, he was also a top-tier expert.

But at this moment, they were being ordered around like dogs.

Wang Yongsan walked to Ye Qing's side and greeted Ling Yunzhi and Chen Qizhi before pulling out a seat to sit down.

Yu Haozheng and his brother also wanted to sit beside them, but as soon as they pulled out the chair, Wang Yongsan stopped them.

"You two, sit over there."

Yu Haozheng's nose was almost crooked with anger, but he still changed his seat after snorting.

Ye Qing awkwardly advised: "Mr. Wang, although there is a conflict between you and the Yu brothers, since we are going to use them, we should still give them a good face for the time being."


Chapter 501:
"Brother Ye, it's not that I don't want to give them a good face, but they are too beastly. Moreover, if I let them sit beside me, what if they ambush me?"

Wang Yongsan's concerns were not without reason.

The two old men, for their own interests, could sacrifice even their granddaughters. Who would dare to expect them to have any scruples?

Since Wang Yongsan said so, Ye Qing couldn't say anything else.

However, the people on the other side were unscrupulous.

They were already standing opposite Ye Qing and the others, and when they saw that their hearts were not united, someone immediately spoke sarcastically.

"Hey, Old Yu, how did you and your brother end up like this? Who gave you a hard time?"

The one who spoke first was an old man from the aristocratic family.

Although he was also in his fifties, his voice was like a bell.

Looking at him with the art of looking at Qi, this person had already opened up all four groups of acupoints in his body and was also at the second level of breaking acupoints, but he was slightly weaker than Yu Haozheng.

"It's none of your business!" Yu Haozheng replied with a bad temper.

"Haha, we are all children of aristocratic families, I'm just concerned about you. Could it be that there is some unspeakable secret that you can't say?"

The elder laughed wantonly and said.

Yu Haozheng slammed his hand on the table, and Meng Di stood up: "Lou Zi, don't talk nonsense with me. If you have the guts, let's fight! I'll tear your mouth apart!"

Lou Zi was slightly weaker than him, so naturally he didn't want to touch that bad luck.

When he heard this, he laughed and said with a sneer: "Fighting? Sure! But you have to ask Ye Bu'min first if today's problem can be solved by fighting!"

Ye Qing shook his head slightly.

On their side, including Wang Yongsan and the Yu brothers, there were only six masters who had broken through their acupoints, and the highest was at the second level of breaking through their acupoints.

However, on the other side were the seven aristocratic families, with a total of eleven masters who had broken through their acupoints, and the highest one was at the third level of breaking through his acupoints.

If they really wanted to solve the problem by fighting, their side would definitely lose.

When Wang Yongsan saw Ye Qing shake his head, he turned to Yu Haozheng and said: "Old Yu, don't be impatient."

It was already very polite to call him Old Yu.

Yu Haozheng also understood the reality, snorted and sat down again.

However, that old Lou's mouth was really cheap, seeing this and targeting Wang Yongsan again.

"This little brother should be called Wang Yongsan, right? From your tone, is Old Yu your subordinate?"

Wang Yongsan and Yu Haozheng's answers were identical.

He rolled his eyes and replied, "It's none of your business?"

However, he was only at the first level of breaking through his acupoints and had only opened one group of acupoints, so the other party was not afraid of him.

Lou Zi said: "Of course it's my business, Old Yu and I are of the same generation. You, a junior, call him directly by his name, not only insulting him but also insulting me. Did your parents ever teach you to respect your elders?"

Wang Yongsan especially hated people who relied on their age.

And the guy in front of him, not only relying on his age but also mentioning Wang Yongsan's parents, made him even more intolerable.

So he directly retorted: "My parents did teach me to respect my elders, but unfortunately, not everyone who is old is an elder. It's like a turtle in front of my house, which is said to be over two hundred years old and has a higher generation than you. Do I also have to respect it?"

"You, you, you actually compare me to a turtle?"


Chapter 502:
Luo was so angry that he couldn't catch his breath, and his face turned red in an instant.

Ye Qing and the others were all trying to hold back their laughter.

Luo's mouth was really mean and venomous. They had been teased by him several times just now, but in a blink of an eye, he had suffered such a big loss from Wang Yong. They were all secretly delighted in their hearts.

Even Yu's brothers, who had a grudge against Wang Yong, felt very relieved at this moment.

Wang Yong had an indifferent expression on his face and laughed: "I didn't compare you to a turtle, otherwise that would be insulting the turtle?"

If it was a metaphor just now, then this sentence is a naked insult.

Luo is also the head of a family and a top-notch master at breaking through two layers of acupoints. How could he bear such an insult? He immediately pounded the table and stood up.








"You little bastard, who are you scolding?" Luo pointed at Wang Yong and shouted loudly.

Wang Yong had already dealt with a master of breaking through two layers of acupoints today. How could he be afraid of Luo, who was not as good as Yu Haozheng? So he also stood up and confronted him: "I know who I am scolding. You are relying on your old age to sell off, aren't you a turtle?"

"Wa ah ah, I'm going to die of anger."

Luo was so angry that he went crazy and punched Wang Yong without thinking about it.

Ye Qing and the others immediately wanted to help, but they heard Wang Yong say calmly: "Brother Ye, let him come to me."

Since he dared to mention his family members, Wang Yong didn't care who this person was and must teach him a lesson.

Wang Yong punched out as well. Although his strength was slightly weaker than the opponent's, he could still barely hold on.

At the same time, flames danced in his eyes, and instantly a long string of red fire snakes wrapped around Luo.

"Move aside quickly!"

"Old Luo be careful!"

Wang Yong's flame release was too fast, far beyond the expectations of the high-ranking acupoint breakers on the side of the aristocratic family. Seeing that the fire snakes were burning around them, they were scared and jumped up in a mess.

Especially Luo, who was surrounded by fire snakes and could not advance or retreat. He used internal strength to attack but couldn't extinguish the flames at all.

He finally realized the difference between this flame and ordinary fire, and he was so frightened that he shouted: "Master Duan, save me quickly!"

Without waiting for him to speak, Master Duan on the side had already started moving.

This was an old man with white hair and a refined appearance. At this moment, he murmured in his mouth while making mysterious hand gestures.

Suddenly, he pointed forward and shouted: "Water Dragon Art!"

Then they saw a blue water ball suddenly appear out of thin air, slowly expanding and then lengthening, and it actually turned into a two-meter-long miniature water dragon.

"Zizi zizi."

The fire snake collided with the water dragon, and the red flames were extinguished, while the remaining half of the water dragon was burned into steam by the fire.

However...

"Humph, a small skill, have the ability to extinguish my blue flame again."

The flames in Wang Yong's eyes turned from red to blue.

Luo had just breathed a sigh of relief when he saw a small-sized blue fire snake that was half the size of the red one but with an astonishing heat wrapped around him.

"F*ck, another more powerful one?"

Luo almost cried.


Chapter 503:
His internal energy was released externally, but it had no effect on the fire snake. At this moment, he finally understood that the young man in front of him indeed had the capital to be arrogant. In the martial arts world, one respects the strong. He had acted arrogantly towards the young man and had indeed embarrassed himself.

However, at this moment, he represented not only himself but also his family. Even if he was wrong, he could not admit it.

"Duan Master."

"Understood."

The old man who performed the spell also felt helpless. The water dragon he had released earlier was already his full strength, but unexpectedly, although it extinguished the fire snake, the young man had created something even more powerful.

It must be known that the young man could cast spells instantly, while he needed to chant for a long time. A comparison between the two was clear.

"It seems that without using talismans, I cannot defeat him."

Master Duan's eyes narrowed as he reached into his bosom and took out a piece of paper covered in strange symbols. He then threw it forward with force and shouted, "Giant Water Dragon Art!"

The talisman paper exploded instantly, and from it emerged a water dragon as thick as a water bucket and about eight meters long. It opened its mouth and swallowed the remaining half of the previous water dragon, then together they attacked the blue fire snake.

This time, the water dragon was five times larger than before, but after fighting with the fire snake, although it managed to extinguish the blue fire snake, the entire water dragon disappeared.

It was too powerful.

Instantaneous spells were already amazing, but the flames released were even more formidable.

It must be known that in spells, water inherently suppresses fire. Yet, the young man's flames, which were suppressed, could still fight evenly with the Water Dragon Art. Such strength was truly exaggerated.

"Let's go again!" Wang Yongsan's eyes flashed with fire once more.

This time, it was white gold flames. Before they fully formed, the temperature around them had risen sharply.

One could imagine that once the white gold flames were fully released, it would be uncertain whether Lu's family could withstand them.

"Stop!"

"Brother Wang, wait a moment!" The representatives from the aristocratic families who had reached the third level of breaking through the acupoints and Ye Qing, both stepped forward to stop them.

Although there were conflicts between them, they had not reached the point of tearing each other apart. Fighting was fine, but if someone died, it would be a big problem.

Wang Yongsan's eyes flashed with cold flames as he said to the opposite side, "Remember, you can criticize me, but don't involve my family. Otherwise, I won't be polite next time!"

Earlier when he used fire, Wang Yongsan had already given them face by not using the white gold flames directly.

Both were experts who had reached the third level of breaking through the acupoints, and no one doubted Wang Yongsan's words.

Lu wiped the sweat from his forehead and sat down again, feeling somewhat exhausted.

He had thought that he could bully the young man because of his higher cultivation, but unexpectedly, his face was slapped repeatedly.

After this battle, the arrogance of the aristocratic families on their side was somewhat restrained, and they were no longer as arrogant as before.

Ye Qing seized the opportunity to say, "Elderly masters, let's return to the original issue. The request you made is something we cannot agree to. If we let you out, what reason would we have to keep the others inside? There are over a hundred aristocratic families in Lu Shan Province. If you come out and the others also demand to be let out, what should we do?"

The seven families in front were only part of the aristocratic families in Lu Shan.


Chapter 504:
Previously, everyone had no conflicts of interest and could keep their positions. However, since the gene evolution serum came out, some people couldn't sit still anymore.

If one doesn't show up in the world, they won't have a chance to come into contact with the gene evolution serum. Many cultivators who couldn't break through their acupoints in their entire lives naturally couldn't accept this.

Therefore, the people you see now are just the vanguard. How we deal with them will affect our control over other families.

"There's nothing to worry about. We don't say it, we don't say it, and who else knows what agreement we reached?" The speaker was a cultivator at the third level of acupoint breakthrough from the aristocratic families.

Ye Qing shook his head and said, "There are too many people talking. I can trust the seniors, but what about the people in your family? What if they leak it out..."

The cultivator at the third level of acupoint breakthrough frowned and said, "Then how can I convince you?"

Ye Qing sneered, "I'm sorry, this isn't a matter of trust or distrust. We can't take this risk."

"So there's no room for negotiation?"

The tone of the cultivator at the third level of acupoint breakthrough became stern, "You should know that someone is pushing this matter from behind. It's not just our seven families, but also countless aristocratic families in Lu Mountain and other provinces. They should have contacted outsiders as well. Now we're just asking to be allowed out into the world. If even this request isn't granted by the country, what if some people feel resentful and agree to those with ulterior motives? At that time, you might be in even more trouble."

Ye Qing's eyes immediately turned cold.

Although the cultivator at the third level of acupoint breakthrough didn't explicitly say who the people with ulterior motives were, everyone present understood that it was Blood Skull.








Although what they said was harsh, it was also true. Otherwise, even if the seven families joined forces and their strength exceeded Ye Qing's side, since Ye Qing had the country backing him up, they wouldn't dare to act recklessly.

They dared to speak to Ye Qing like this because there were even more aristocratic families and people from Blood Skull watching them.

"Alright, I can agree to let you come out into the world, but only in a secluded place first as an example. Moreover, you must abide by laws stricter than ordinary people. Only aristocratic families that agree can come out into the world. Otherwise, there's no negotiation." Ye Qing's answer was the bottom line given to him by his superiors.

Originally, if he could suppress them, there wouldn't be a need to reveal the bottom line. However, since everyone wasn't an idiot, letting them come back empty-handed was obviously impossible.

The cultivator from the aristocratic families laughed, "Alright, we agree, but we have a small request."

"What is it?" Ye Qing asked.

"We want to set the demonstration area in the Western Wilderness. We heard that it's also the base of the modified humans, so adding us in shouldn't be too difficult." The Western Wilderness had Blood Skull's laboratory, so it was naturally the best place for aristocratic families to come out into the world.

Ye Qing also wanted to send people to the Western Wilderness, but since Wang Yong was here and everyone present was a cultivator at the acupoint breakthrough level, he had to listen to his opinion.

"What do you think, Brother Wang?"


Chapter 505:
"As long as Brother Ye says it's okay, I naturally have no objections either. However, I have something to say beforehand: once we reach the Western Wilderness, we must follow its rules, especially the recently implemented Dao Rules that I have promoted. If any of you make a mistake in our territory, I won't hesitate to use the whip."

The Breakthrough Three Realms cultivator sneered, "Even if we make a mistake, do you dare to whip us?"

Wang Yongsan also had an evil grin on his face. "I dare even if I don't want to, because I can't do things that are cowardly and submissive."

"In the Jianghu, one's actions are not under their control. I believe you will slowly get used to it in the future."

"Is that so? Then let's see how things go."

The Breakthrough Three Realms cultivator's threat was evident, but Wang Yongsan wasn't afraid of him at all.

He had already reached the Breakthrough realm and didn't need to act submissively like before, fearing every Breakthrough cultivator he encountered.

A person can occasionally lower their head, but they must never bow down for life. Otherwise, wouldn't it be the same as Lu's, becoming a turtle?

In the end, both sides made concessions and concluded with all seven major families stepping out into the Western Wilderness. Moreover, Ye Qing took the initiative to inform other families that hadn't participated, stating that if they wanted to step out into the world, they could sign a compliance agreement and enter the Western Wilderness like the other seven families.

Suddenly, many hidden families that had been silent for a long time all stepped out into the world one after another.

Overseas,

Blood Skull headquarters.

A high-ranking Blood Skull member dressed in a black robe angrily shouted at the messenger, "What did you say? The Chinese are actually willing to let those families step out into the world?"

The messenger respectfully lowered his head and replied, "Yes, my lord. In fact, they couldn't stop them even if they wanted to. After all, those families have already leaned towards us in many ways. However, because of this one concession from the Chinese authorities, those families that were originally inclined towards us have directly shifted to their side."

"How dare they!"

The Blood Skull leader slammed his hand on the table in front of him.

He knew that these families were hesitant because the gene evolution serum was still incomplete, with a chance of failure and only effective for martial artists below the Breakthrough realm.

The vast majority of hidden families in China had their patriarchs as Breakthrough cultivators. Although the gene evolution serum could help them enhance their family's strength, it wouldn't be of any use to them personally.

Putting oneself in their shoes, if one were a family patriarch, they wouldn't risk offending the Chinese authorities for something that was useless to them but beneficial to others in their family.

After all, history had proven that martial artists could only cause chaos within the government but not overthrow it.

If they continued to resist, the ones who would die in the end would be these families.

"Instruct the laboratories below to focus on perfecting the gene serum. As long as we have a flawless gene serum, not only will China be within our grasp, but the entire world will be as well."

"Yes!"

The messenger took his orders and left.

At the same time,

In Wang Yongsan's mind, a prompt from the system of doom sounded.

"New task released."

With just those words, Wang Yongsan's spirit became focused.

"Current task: Jianghu Overlord."


Chapter 506:
```
“Mission Brief: In modern times, the martial world has reappeared, and the national martial arts regulatory department is weak and unable to manage the new martial world normally. As the director of the Taoist Reform Bureau in the martial region, please establish a martial alliance for martial artists to manage themselves for social stability.”

“Mission Requirements: 1. The number of participating martial families must be greater than thirty. 2. The host must obtain at least the position of Deputy Alliance Leader.”

“Mission Completion: Reward 200 points of Suicide Points, failure deducts 2 Jiazi lifespan.”

Wow~

200 points of Suicide Points?

This time, the system is really generous.

“Hahaha, 200 points of Suicide Points are equivalent to two sets of acupoints. Combined with the more than 100 points of Suicide Points I've saved up these days, it's enough for me to break out the fourth set of acupoints. Isn't that entering the second level of breaking points?” Wang Yongsan was overjoyed.

It's not his fault for making a fuss; it's really that between breaking points, every small realm has a huge gap.

Ye Qing has been in the breaking point realm for many years and has always stayed at the first level of breaking points.

To know that before Wang Yongsan broke through to the breaking point realm, Ye Qing was known as the youngest martial artist in China who broke through to the breaking point realm. With such talent, it took him years to advance. Wang Yongsan just broke through to the breaking point realm and immediately had a chance to advance to the second level.

“With the Suicide System, how can I worry about not being invincible in the world?”

“However, the most important thing at present is to win over thirty hidden martial families and establish a martial alliance.”

In recent days, with Ye Qing's news spread out, many martial families have moved into the Western Wilderness. It won't be difficult to gather thirty of them.

However, among these martial families that have moved in recently, Wang Yongsan can only guarantee that Yu's family will choose him. The other martial families won't oppose him if they don't support him, and it's impossible for anyone to agree with him.

“What should I do?”

“It's almost impossible to persuade them. I don't have anything that can bribe them.”

“Unless, a martial alliance competes for the position of leader.”

Wang Yongsan shook his head. Among the martial families that moved in recently, there are quite a few at the third level of breaking points, and there is even Sun Family's patriarch, a martial artist at the fourth level of breaking points.

To compete for the position of leader among these strong people, it's even more difficult.

Just when Wang Yongsan was at a loss, suddenly an unexpected phone call came in.







Wang Yongsan was at a loss when an unexpected phone call suddenly came in.

Picking up his mobile phone, it was Doctor Lei's call.

“Hello, Doctor Lei.”

“Hahahahaha…”

As soon as Wang Yongsan connected the call, he heard a burst of wild laughter from inside.

After a long time, the laughter finally eased up.

Then it was Doctor Lei's voice: “Little Wang, the experiment succeeded, the experiment succeeded, hahahaha.”

Another burst of wild laughter.

Wang Yongsan was nervous, and when the laughter eased up a bit, he asked: “Doctor Lei, what experiment succeeded? Can you stop selling suspense already?”
```


Chapter 507:
Dr. Le finally stopped laughing completely this time and spoke seriously: "It's the gene evolution serum that has been successfully developed. We reduced the genetic activity in the serum, then decomposed the gene chains and made them recombine. After countless experiments, it was finally a complete success this time. Although the effect is slightly worse than what was shown on TV, there are definitely no side effects this time."

Wang Yongsan's head buzzed, as if it was about to explode.

Although he didn't know much about gene evolution, he knew that it was something that various forces were actively preparing for.

However, Dr. Le had managed to develop it first?

"This time I owe it all to you bringing Xiao Yuan back. His research direction was slightly different from mine. If we had worked separately, it would have been difficult to succeed. But combining our efforts resulted in a wonderful chemical reaction. Hahaha, let's not talk about it anymore. When can you come over and let me show you the results of my gene evolution serum?"

Dr. Le was overjoyed.

He was a research maniac, and every successful result was his driving force to go further.

Wang Yongsan thought about how all the hidden families had emerged for the gene evolution serum.

The half-finished product given by Blood Skulls had side effects, yet it had already caused such a frenzy among the hidden families in China. If he were to present a fully functional evolution serum, wouldn't they worship him?

As for whether the other party would go crazy and try to seize it, Wang Yongsan didn't think they would.

After all, he was a national figure. Unless he completely deprived them of any hope of obtaining the gene evolution serum, they would definitely ask him for it through proper channels.

"Dr. Le, I'm coming right now. Are you still at the old place?"

"Yes, it's the same orphanage where you last came."

"Please wait a moment, I'll be there right away."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan immediately contacted Uncle Li and got into a Mercedes-Benz to head towards Dr. Le's location.

When he arrived, Dr. Yuan was waiting at the door.

Seeing Wang Yongsan, Dr. Yuan smiled and said, "Director Wang, the experimental results have come out this time, and they are quite satisfactory. I wonder if I could make a request based on this experimental result?"

This time, the results were jointly tested by Dr. Le and Dr. Yuan. It was completely reasonable for Dr. Yuan to use it to make a request.

"You can say it, as long as I can do it, I won't refuse." Wang Yongsan was also happy and agreed immediately.

Hearing Wang Yongsan's words, Dr. Yuan's eyes filled with deep longing.

"Director Wang, my request is for you to help me clear my name. Not only the matter of conducting research for Blood Skulls, but also before that, I made a big mistake due to the work food. Now because of these two incidents, I dare not return home. If you can help me with this matter, I will definitely do whatever research comes up next without hesitation."

Dr. Yuan's expression was extremely solemn.

It could be seen that this was truly a man of loyalty and righteousness.

Wang Yongsan agreed: "You can rest assured, although I can't guarantee that I will be able to help you, I will definitely try my best."


Chapter 508:
"A mistake once made should not be punished for a lifetime, especially a mistake made unintentionally."

Since Dr. Yuan had already realized his mistake, felt deeply regretful inside, and was a rare talent, Wang Yongsan naturally tried his best to help him.

"Thank you, thank you, Director Wang. With your words, I feel much more at ease. Come on, let's go in first. Dr. Le is still waiting for us."

Dr. Yuan extended his hand in a gesture of invitation.

He knew that Wang Yongsan was the director of the Dao Reform Bureau appointed by the imperial court, and there were speculations everywhere in society about the connections behind Wang Yongsan. As long as he agreed, Dr. Yuan felt that this matter was stable.

Entering the laboratory.

Dr. Le was raising his glass to celebrate with several transgenic people.

He usually abstained from alcohol because he needed to keep his mind absolutely clear, but now that he had only drunk two glasses of beer, his face was flushed red and he was swaying as he walked.

"Hey, little Wang is here. Come and see my results. How about it? Impressive, right?"

Wang Yongsan followed the direction of Dr. Le's finger.

It was a transgenic person, and Wang Yongsan remembered that this person seemed to be a hamster transgenic person. When Wang Yongsan brought Dr. Le out, this person had been responsible for helping Dr. Le transport experimental materials.

At that time, the hamster transgenic person was in a transgenic form with a physique of 27 and an intelligence of 9.

Now, the cursive script transgenic person had completely transformed into a human form. The physique was still 27, and the intelligence was still 9.

It should be noted that when Hua Shengnan transformed from a transgenic person back into a human form, her physique and intelligence had shrunk by nearly half. If the attributes of a transgenic person could be maintained, Hua Shengnan's intelligence of 40 points would directly allow her to learn Xuan Jue.

"Dr. Le, your result is to let the transgenic person maintain their physical fitness after transforming back?"

Wang Yongsan confirmed with Dr. Le.

Dr. Le shook his head, "Why make it so complicated? It's because I only have transgenic people here, so I used them to mix with the gene recovery potion for experiments. In fact, normal people can also use it. As long as they inject it once, their physical fitness will increase by three to ten times. The weaker the body is, the greater the improvement will be."

Wang Yongsan nodded.

If the gene evolution potion could also increase his physical fitness by ten times, he would probably be able to break through the innate directly.

"Then have you not used normal people for experiments? How do you know its effects?" Wang Yongsan asked with doubts.

Dr. Le glared, "You, an outsider, dare to question my results?"

Wang Yongsan quickly waved his hand and smiled apologetically, "I'm not daring. I'm just curious."

Dr. Le snorted before continuing, "Although the experiment did not use normal people, data does not lie. The same goes for various genetic reaction indicators. Moreover, I have tested it on transgenic people in human form. In theory, since a transgenic person has already transformed into a human form and is no different from an ordinary person, if it is used on normal people, these potions should also produce the same effect."

Wang Yongsan asked, "Then can you give me some potions so I can try them out first?"

Those aristocratic families would even want the semi-finished products of Blood Skull. Even if Dr. Le's results had some flaws, they would still go crazy for it.


Chapter 509:
```
Wang Yongsan just happened to use them for experiments, taking the opportunity to win over these families. It's a win-win situation; why not do it?




Chapter 244: Fangshi Market

Doctor Luo invited Wang Yongsan over, part

ly with the intention of asking him to help find people for experiments. Of course, he agreed without hesitation.

"Doctor Luo, how many formulas do you have?"

Wang Yongsan suddenly asked.

He needed at least thirty formulas to win over at least thirty families.

Doctor Luo replied, "Not many, just seventeen or eighteen."

"No more? What about the defective products from Blood Skull and the others?" Wang Yongsan asked hopefully.

Doctor Luo frowned and said, "What nonsense are you talking about? I am Doctor Luo of the Paradise. How could I use defective products to deceive people? If experiments require it, that's one thing. But since we have perfect formulas, I will never give you defective products. How many do you need? Just say the word, and I have plenty of raw materials left. I can make another thousand or eight hundred for you if necessary."

"A thousand or eight hundred?"

Wang Yongsan was shocked.

If there were so many gene evolution formulas, wouldn't it be like having people with broken acupoints everywhere and meridian breakthroughs as common as dogs?

Doctor Yuan, who was beside him, laughed and said, "Doctor Luo is exaggerating. However, based on our remaining experimental materials, making another seventy or eighty should be no problem."

Seventy or eighty formulas were more than enough for Wang Yongsan.

He asked, "How long does it take you to make one?"

Doctor Yuan replied, "Making it is relatively simple. The difficult part is the experimental stage. Overall, a batch takes about four hours, and each batch can produce seven formulas."

Four hours for seven formulas, working eight hours a day would yield fourteen formulas. Adding the original seventeen or eighteen, it was already more than thirty.

"In that case, I'll trouble the two doctors. I need thirty gene evolution formulas now. Please make them as soon as possible."

"Don't worry, I'll handle it. Come tomorrow morning to pick them up; there will be no shortage." Doctor Yuan said.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome. As for my matter, I hope Director Wang will pay more attention to it."

"Of course."

Wang Yongsan took two gene evolution formulas and left.

He needed to find a place to test the power of these formulas first.

But, who should he test them on?

His own people? Wang Yongsan didn't dare to use them for testing.

Strangers? Wang Yongsan was reluctant to part with these formulas.

After much thought, Wang Yongsan decided to use those families for testing.

Coincidentally, Ye Qing called and told him that more families had arrived in the Western Wilderness. Wang Yongsan seized the opportunity and asked, "Brother Ye, can you help me contact a family? I have something to trade with them."

"For trading? Isn't there a Fangshi Market?" Ye Qing replied.

"Fangshi Market?"

Wang Yongsan had never heard of it and quickly asked, "Brother Ye, what is the Fangshi Market? I've never heard of it before."

```


Chapter 510:
"Ye Qing replied with a smile: 'You have been in the Supervision Department for too short a time and haven't patrolled the market once, so it's understandable that you don't know. In short, the market is like a bazaar, except that all the traders and customers are martial artists. In our Lu Mountain, there are seven such markets, one of which is located in the Western Wilderness. Today happens to be Wednesday, which is exactly the day when the market in the Western Wilderness opens. It's most convenient for you to go there and buy or sell things.'

"Wang Yongsan urged, 'But where is the market?'

Ye Qing said, 'It's in Wangjiacun Village behind the city. This village belongs to one of the three hidden families in the Western Wilderness, the Wang family, and you are also a member of the same family.'

Without paying attention to Ye Qing's teasing, Wang Yongsan only remembered Wangjiacun Village behind the city.

Next, Wang Yongsan mentioned Ye Doctor to Ye Qing and hoped that he could help solve the problem. Although Ye Qing didn't handle worldly affairs, as the Minister of Supervision Department in Lu Mountain, he knew many people with real power. Upon hearing this, he agreed immediately.

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan directly asked Li Shu to drive to Wangjiacun Village behind the city.

Li Shu was from the Western Wilderness and happened to know this village. It only took 20 minutes for him to bring Wang Yongsan there.

'Martial artists?'

Just when they arrived at the village marker, their car was stopped.

Wang Yongsan lowered the car window and said to the person outside, 'Yes, I'm here to visit the market.'

'And the driver?'

'The driver isn't one either.'

'Then you get out and walk in by yourself. The market is just ahead, and cars are not allowed to enter anyway.'

This person's strength was lower than Wang Yongsan's, and he couldn't see his cultivation level. However, Wang Yongsan's reputation had already spread throughout the Western Wilderness and even the whole country. This guard also recognized him, and his question was purely a formality.

At this time, Wang Yongsan also saw some cars parked beside the playground and knew that the guard hadn't lied to him. So he got out of the car and walked in.

After entering the village, after walking less than a hundred meters, there was a bustling area ahead.

The buildings in this village were very tall and quite ancient, looking similar to the houses of ancient royal nobles.

Among them, some buildings had signs hanging at their doors with words like 'wine', 'tea', 'inn', and 'lodging.' Some buildings had large red lanterns hanging at their doors, giving a real taste of ancient society.

Wang Yongsan continued to walk inside, and the people around him gradually became more numerous. There were young people at the level of Washing Meridians and high-level experts at the level of Breaking Orifices. There were all kinds of people present.

At this time, some people recognized him, and there was some whispering. Soon, everyone's gaze was focused on him.

Wang Yongsan coughed dryly, and immediately many people withdrew their curious gazes.

However, there were still some Breaking Orifices experts and bold Pulse Condensation martial artists who continued to pay attention to him.

Wang Yongsan didn't care about them and directly stopped a Pulse Condensation Eighth Layer middle-aged man with courtesy, 'Hello, brother.'

'I don't dare, I don't dare. What can the senior ask of me?'

The middle-aged man was startled by Wang Yongsan's address.

In the hidden families, age didn't matter much. What truly distinguished status was cultivation level, in addition to bloodline lineage.

Those with higher cultivation levels, even if they were younger, should be addressed as seniors."


Chapter 511:
And those with lower cultivation, even if they are old and unable to walk, must bow their heads when they see an elder.

Wang Yongsan is a well-known master of breaking acupoints, having even killed the director of Xingqi Bank, who had reached the third level of breaking acupoints. When the middle-aged man in front of him called him "elder brother," he almost knelt down directly out of fear.

Wang Yongsan chuckled and realized that his identity had frightened the other party. He quickly corrected himself, saying, "My friend, don't panic. I am a person of the Jianghu and also part of society. There's no need to be overly polite with me. Also, I have a question for you. Do you know if there is a place in our market where we can freely trade? Where is it located?"

The middle-aged man lowered his head and slightly bent over, saying, "In response to your question, if you walk fifty meters inside from here, there is a trading house. Not only can you freely trade there, but valuable treasures can also be auctioned off."

"Thank you very much."

Wang Yongsan smiled and said this.

However, the middle-aged man was sweating profusely and repeatedly responded, "No need to thank, no need to thank. It's my duty to guide you, an elder."

Wang Yongsan nodded and intended to give the man a token of appreciation, but he only had two gene evolution potions on him. This situation was quite embarrassing.








Gene evolution potions are such valuable items that Wang Yongsan naturally wouldn't consider giving them as a gift. Moreover, even if he didn't give the other party any gifts, no one would likely say anything.

However, Wang Yongsan suddenly thought of something.

His gene evolution potions are still uncertain about their effectiveness. If he were to directly auction them off, what if they claimed to be able to promote someone's cultivation but ultimately failed?

Moreover, even if Wang Yongsan insisted that they could enhance one's cultivation, others might not believe him.

It was likely because many aristocratic families had settled in the Western Wilderness that there were numerous Jianghu practitioners in the market.

Wang Yongsan suddenly made a decision. He took out a potion and said to the middle-aged man, "You've done well and helped me greatly. This gene evolution potion might help you break through to the acupoint level. I'll give it to you as a token of appreciation."

What?

Not only the middle-aged man, but everyone around was stunned.

They had all heard of the fame of gene evolution potions, and there were rumors that one would be auctioned off at today's auction. There was also a rumor that a prominent family had offered one hundred Pulse-Surging Pills in exchange for a gene evolution potion.

But now, it was being given away as a gift?

How rich and extravagant must this person be?

"Is, is this really for me?"

The middle-aged man couldn't believe it.

Although there were rumors that this potion had side effects, compared to breaking through the acupoint level, taking a risk was nothing.

If there were no such potions, it would be impossible for him to break through the acupoint level in his lifetime.

Wang Yongsan nodded, "You guided me; it was a great help to me. It's only right that I give you this gift."

Everyone around was about to faint.

When did guiding someone become such a great help?

These people now regretted not kneeling on the ground earlier to beg Wang Yongsan for directions.

"Thank you, thank you very much."

The middle-aged man kept expressing his gratitude.


Chapter 512:
```
Wang Yongsan stopped him and said, “You don't have to thank me. I'm just worried that this medicine is too precious. I'm afraid you might not be able to protect it if someone with ill intentions sees it. Why don't you drink it now? I'll guard you here so that others will give up their thoughts.”

Wang Yongsan was right.

Although the middle-aged man wasn't ready to use this medicine yet, if he dared to leave with it, he would probably be harmed as soon as he stepped out a little further.

You see, one gene potion is worth a hundred Beauty Surge Pills.

When Xu Youyou took out one Beauty Surge Pill that day, she was already quite reluctant.

Father Hua Shengnan gave Wang Yongsan a gift of one Beauty Surge Pill.

As you can imagine, the value of this gene potion is enough to drive people mad.

"Alright, thank you, Senior Wang, for your generous gift of this medicine. If I can successfully break through and reach the Perforation Realm, I will surely repay you with my life in the future." The middle-aged man said sincerely.

Wang Yongsan waved his hand and smiled, "You're welcome. You should take the medicine quickly now."

"Okay."

The new type of gene potion is taken orally, so the middle-aged man unscrewed the cap of the bottle and swallowed it in one gulp.

Then,

In just one second,

The middle-aged man's body turned red as if he had been boiled like a crab, and his skin quickly reddened.

"Ahhhhh… It's so hot!"

The middle-aged man's face was contorted with pain as he tore at his clothes.

Wang Yongsan watched, frowning, wondering if there was something wrong with the medicine. If someone died because of it, right in front of so many people, it would be very troublesome.

Fortunately, Wang Yongsan's worries were unnecessary.

After another ten seconds or so, the middle-aged man's screams suddenly became much softer, and his red skin was quickly fading.

Then, after another minute or so, the middle-aged man fell silent completely.

People far and near, even those who hadn't noticed Wang Yongsan before, were now attracted by the middle-aged man's screams.

Many people were whispering to each other, asking what was happening here, and when they learned that someone had just taken the gene evolution potion, they all became focused on it.

The middle-aged man stopped screaming, tore his clothes to shreds, and lay naked on the ground, gasping for breath.

"What happened? Failed?"

"It doesn't seem like it. I heard that if gene evolution fails, the person becomes a cyborg?"

"But he doesn't look like he succeeded in evolving either."

"Who knows? Maybe this is how one looks after evolution? Let's wait and see."

Even Wang Yongsan was concentrating, waiting for the final result.

The middle-aged man lay on the ground for five minutes, and his breathing suddenly became steady. Then he slowly got up from the ground, stood straight, and respectfully bowed to Wang Yongsan.

"Thank you, Senior, for giving me a new life. I, Hu Haotang, swear here that from now on, I will follow you to the death. If I betray you, may lightning strike me down!"

Wow~

The people around couldn't remain calm.

From what the middle-aged man said, it seemed like he succeeded in evolving.

Could it be that he has already reached the Perforation Realm?
```


Chapter 513:
```
Wang Yongsan was just shocked and somewhat stunned. Only then did he remember the technique of looking at Qi, so he took a look. Sure enough, the other party had already stepped into the Breakthrough Orifices stage and had even broken through two sets of orifices.

"Hahaha, that's great! But there's no need to follow me. You must have a family too. With your strength, you should be able to speak up in your family from now on. Just remember to have your family cooperate with my work more."

Although Wang Yongsan was tempted to take a Breakthrough Orifices follower, since the other party could cultivate up to the eighth layer of the Pulse-Sealing Art, they must have some backing. Taking away someone else's expert would likely offend others.

Hu Haotang expressed his gratitude: "Thank you, benefactor, for your concern. I do indeed have a family, but our family's strength has declined significantly in recent years. I am already the strongest person in our family. This time, benefactor's kindness has given me a new life. I am willing to bring my entire family of 103 people and pledge allegiance to you. I hope that benefactor will accept us."

"Hmm, let me think about it..."

Wang Yongsan hesitated.

The people around them became even more noisy.

Not to mention whether Hu Haotang had really advanced to the Breakthrough Orifices stage, proposing allegiance to an entire family was rare in the martial world. If one were to pledge allegiance to the wrong person, not only would they fail to protect their family, but they might even be used as dogs. Then the person who proposed allegiance would become a sinner of the family.

"Hehe, don't be fooled by him. I guess his family has already pledged allegiance to Wang Yongsan a long time ago. Now, with so many people watching, he's putting on this act. Who knows, maybe they're just pretending to show off how generous their master is so that they can recruit more people. It's still uncertain whether he really used the Genetic Evolution Serum or not."

Oh, so that's how it is.

Many people who heard this explanation from the Breakthrough Orifices expert felt that it made sense.

The Genetic Evolution Serum was so precious; even if they really pledged allegiance, they might not receive any rewards. Moreover, Hu Haotang had only shown Wang Yongsan the way just now.

Now that someone has said this, it seems more reasonable.

Wang Yongsan gave Hu Haotang the serum to experiment with its effects and also hoped to create a sensation, letting everyone know that he indeed had the Genetic Evolution Serum.

Now that someone is trying to disrupt things, Wang Yongsan naturally couldn't sit idly by.








"Elder, you are indeed a Breakthrough Orifices expert. Spreading rumors like this without evidence is inappropriate, isn't it?"

Before Wang Yongsan could react, Hu Haotang had already spoken up with a gloomy face.

Since he decided to pledge allegiance to Wang Yongsan, he was determined to fully protect his master. Although he wouldn't grovel like a dog, he had the determination to be a horse.

"Hehe, spreading rumors? To tell you the truth, my Qiao family happened to obtain a Genetic Evolution Serum not long ago. Not to mention that the success rate of this serum is extremely low, even if it succeeds, one needs to stabilize for at least a day before breaking through the orifices. Moreover..."

This person laughed mockingly: "Moreover, such a miraculous medicine, how did it end up in your hands and become like a bottle of drink that you just gulped down? Do you think everyone hasn't consumed a Marrow Cleansing Pill before?"

"Yeah, I remember that when taking the Marrow Cleansing Pill, one needs to meditate and absorb its effects."

"The Genetic Evolution Serum is even more powerful than the Pulse-Sealing Pill. Such a miraculous medicine, how can you just drink it and be done with it?"

"This kind of trick is too low-level."


```


Chapter 514:
"That's right, when we were all fools. "

"Fortunately, this senior pointed it out, otherwise someone among us might have been deceived by them, which would be a disaster for our future. "

The crowd chatted excitedly. With the high-ranking martial artist standing up for them, none of them worried about Wang Yongsan causing trouble.

"Hmph!"

Wang Yongsan's eyes turned cold as he stopped Hu Haotang, who was about to act. He asked the troublemaker, "May I ask how you are addressed, senior?"

The man stood tall and proud, confidently saying, "Remember my name. I am Qiao Yuanjian, the second elder of the Qiao family."

"Haha, Yuanjian?"

Wang Yongsan sneered, "I see that you not only lack foresight but also have a very short-sighted perspective."

"What did you say?"

Qiao Yuanjian glared with his small eyes, pointing at Wang Yongsan and shouting, "Don't think that relying on the imperial court allows you to do whatever you want. If you don't explain yourself today, I may have to teach you a lesson!"

"Just you?"

Wang Yongsan smirked disdainfully.

Although Qiao Yuanjian was quite strong, with a breakthrough to the second level of the Perforation Orifice realm, Wang Yongsan was not afraid of him.

If they really fought, Wang Yongsan could easily kill him in seconds.

"Haha, I know that you, Wang Yongsan, possess the Mystic Technique. However, my Qiao family is not a shabby family like the Hu family. If you think that relying on the Mystic Technique can defeat me, then feel free to try."

When Hu Haotang heard the other party insulting his family, although he was furious, he understood that it was true.

He lowered his head and whispered in Wang Yongsan's ear, "Senior, the Qiao family is indeed formidable. They are one of the top three influential families in Lu Mountain, with their patriarch being a Perforation Orifice fifth-level expert. Moreover, the Qiao family is also known for refining weapons. Although this Qiao Yuanjian is only the second elder, he must possess several Mystic Artifacts that could potentially counteract your Mystic Technique."

Wang Yongsan nodded.

Since there were Mystic Artifacts, there must be people who create them.

Wang Yongsan didn't mind offending others, but as a person representing the state, he had to act reasonably in public.

With a smile, Wang Yongsan said, "So, Qiao brother, are you suggesting that we have a sparring match?"

Qiao Yuanjian confidently replied, "Not impossible."

Wang Yongsan's eyes narrowed slightly as he coldly said, "But Qiao brother should know that my Mystic Technique doesn't have eyes. If we were to spar, there might be unexpected consequences. Since you initiated the challenge, why don't we make a life-and-death agreement and have an intense sparring match?"

Wow~!!!

A life-and-death agreement?

This means it's a fight to the death.

Usually, among martial artists, only when there is an irreconcilable conflict would they make a life-and-death agreement. Once the agreement is finalized, no matter how far they run, one of them must die.

Moreover, during the life-and-death agreement period, no one else is allowed to interfere. Anyone who does will be hunted down by the martial arts community.

The people present only knew about Wang Yongsan from the internet. Although he had done quite a few audacious things before, those were all against societal figures. Unexpectedly, this time facing martial artists from the Qiao family, he still demanded a life-and-death agreement right away.

Although Qiao Yuanjian was confident that he possessed several valuable Mystic Artifacts, if it came to a life-and-death agreement, he indeed didn't dare.


Chapter 515:
After all, during the life-and-death decision period, the family cannot give him direct help. Even if they secretly assist him, he cannot guarantee that he will laugh until the end.

"This..."

Qiao Yuan saw himself in a dilemma, with so many people around watching the joke. He could not help but furiously said, "Despicable young man, don't talk nonsense. When have I ever provoked you? You deceived everyone and treated us like fools. When I, Qiao, saw injustice on the road, I spoke out to expose you. Did you lose face because of this and want to use the life-and-death decision to silence me?"

Wang Yongsan laughed, and his face suddenly turned cold. He questioned:

"You keep calling me a liar, but do you have evidence?"

"You mention the Qiao family every other sentence. Are you trying to intimidate others?"

"We are both at the Breakthrough stage. It is inevitable to make mistakes in sparring. If you are afraid of death, you can endure the grievance. If you are not satisfied after losing, you will only hide behind your family's plaque and speak nonsense. Do you still have the face to call me a despicable young man? I think you are the shameless old turtle."

Wang Yongsan's words were heart-wrenching. Unlike Qiao Yuan's simple ridicule, his words were well-founded and left no room for counterattack.

"You said you wouldn't let me go today, but I don't want to let you off either."

Wang Yongsan continued to press on: "Let's take the gene evolution potion as an example today. What if my potion is real?"

Qiao Yuan was so choked by Wang Yongsan's words that he couldn't speak. Hearing this, his eyes lit up.

He had said a lot of truth just now. Blood Skull did give his Qiao family gene evolution potions, and it gave them three bottles at that. However, the people in his Qiao family were not up to par, and none of them succeeded in evolution.

Therefore, he was now 100% sure that Wang Yongsan had been deceiving people just now.

"If it's the real evolution potion, I will kneel down and apologize to you in front of all these juniors, how about that?"

"Okay."

A corner of Wang Yongsan's mouth twitched up.

"But what if the evolution potion is fake?" Qiao Yuan asked further.

Wang Yongsan calmly said, "It will be the same as you."

"Alright, let's begin then."

Qiao Yuan gritted his teeth and said.

Although Wang Yongsan was too calm, he simply did not believe that the other party had a gene evolution potion that could instantly promote someone from the eighth stage of Qi Meridian to Breakthrough.

Otherwise, if such a potion really existed, it would have been known to everyone. How could he, the second elder of the Qiao family, not know about it?

Moreover, the most important thing was that Qiao Yuan observed Huo Tàng for a long time. Although he did look different from before, his aura was obviously not as strong as that of a typical Breakthrough expert. No matter how he looked at it, Huo Tàng did not seem like a Breakthrough expert.

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly and said to Huo Tàng, "Old Hu, show him your realm."








A martial artist's realm aura can be sensed, but the opened acupoints cannot be perceived by ordinary people.

Moreover, just now when Huo Tàng advanced, he consumed too much strength, and his aura was somewhat unstable. Therefore, in Qiao Yuan's eyes, he did not have the slightest bit of the aura of a Breakthrough expert.

"Yes."

Hearing Wang Yongsan's order, Huo Tàng immediately responded respectfully.


Chapter 516:
Then he looked around and said, "Please make some space for me. I don't want to hurt anyone because I just broke my acupoints and can't control my internal energy."

His words drew a round of mockery.

"He really thinks he's an expert in breaking acupoints."

"I guess this is what they call a daydream. Today I learned something new."

"Ah, deceiving oneself is pitiful."

"Yes, I wonder how many people want to advance to break acupoints, but in reality, there are very few successful ones."

Although many people mocked him, they still made space for him.

Hu Hao was also very excited the first time he used his internal energy externally.

He asked Wang Yong three times again and got a positive answer before he started to circulate his internal energy and punched fiercely forward.

"Huh!"

'Boom!'

A not-so-loud sound of internal energy explosion sounded, and everyone around was stunned.

They had all seen Hu Hao's cultivation clearly before, and it was well-known that the Hu family had fallen and had no expert in breaking acupoints.

But now…

Faced with the evidence, everyone had to believe it was true.

"It's impossible, absolutely impossible. There is no such miraculous medicine that can make a perfect breakthrough in breaking acupoints. You two must be colluding to cheat."

Qiao Yuan, with a red face and panting, shouted angrily.

When Hu Hao started to exert himself just now, he felt that the flow of Qi was different from that of the meridian realm and immediately knew that Hu Hao had indeed reached the breaking acupoint realm.

What he couldn't believe was that Hu Hao had just taken the genetic evolution medicine in front of him, how could he break through so easily?

Moreover, he couldn't admit defeat because if he did, he would have to kneel and apologize, which would be embarrassing.

Wang Yong three looked at him with a cold smile and asked sarcastically, "Brother Qiao, so many people are watching. Do you want to cheat?"

"Nonsense, who said I cheated? Who dares to say I cheated?" Qiao Yuan stared at a pair of small eyes and shouted at the people around him.

He was an expert in breaking acupoints and also the second elder of the Qiao family. No one dared to confront him, so they all lowered their heads silently and looked on as if watching a show.

"Hahaha, look, no one thinks I cheated. Now there is no genetic evolution medicine that can make a perfect breakthrough in breaking acupoints, so it must be the two of you cheating."

Qiao Yuan was very arrogant.

In society, some people can point to a deer and call it a horse. In the martial world, it is even more so.

With strength and power, one can say whatever they want.

But Wang Yong three refused to accept it.

"A frog at the bottom of a well." Wang Yong three sneered sarcastically.

"Haha, you are the frog at the bottom of a well. Even if you cheat, you should make it more realistic. Now so many people are watching. If you can't prove that your genetic evolution medicine is real, then it's considered a loss for you."

Qiao Yuan was shameless, and his behavior didn't match his status at all.

Wang Yong three sneered, "How do you think I should prove it?"

Qiao Yuan cunningly replied, "That's easy. Take out another medicine and let my people experiment with it. If they make a breakthrough, then your medicine is real; otherwise, it's fake."

"Nonsense."


Chapter 517:
Wang Yongsan snorted and said, "This potion is so precious that you want to trick me with just a few words? If you really want it, kneel down and kowtow to me ten times. Maybe I'll be in a good mood and give you one."

"Haha, I won't ask for your potion for free. If it's real, I'll trade a hundred Pulse-Breaking Pills for it."

Qiao Yuanjian thought it was a great idea.

A half-finished potion of Blood Skull could be sold for a hundred Pulse-Breaking Pills, and there was no supply to meet the demand.

If Wang Yongsan's potion was real, it could definitely be sold for five hundred or even more.

By doing this, if the potion was real, his family would have another expert who could break meridians. If it was fake, he could also humiliate Wang Yongsan thoroughly and gain more influence in the Western Wilderness.

The idea was good, but to implement it, he needed one crucial thing: his opponent must be a fool.

Wang Yongsan was certainly not a fool, and he immediately refused, "I only brought two potions this time. If you want it, go to the auction house and buy it yourself. If it's fake, I will return all your payment in front of everyone and kneel down to apologize to you. How about it?"

"Okay."

Qiao Yuanjian agreed without hesitation.

His family's eldest elder and patriarch were currently at the auction house, along with many other family patriarchs. He didn't believe Wang Yongsan would dare to force him to kowtow in such a situation.

Therefore, regardless of whether the potion was real or fake, as long as he successfully bid for it, he would make a profit.

And if the potion was real, their Qiao family would gain even more benefits. After all, even with their family's power, they only had six experts who could break meridians.

"A gentleman's word is as good as gold."

"Horse can't catch up."

"Let's go to the auction house."

Wang Yongsan took the lead and walked towards the trading area.

The Free Trading Area was a large venue. Although items could be bought and sold anywhere in the market, only inside the trading area could one find high-grade items. Some items used by experts who had broken meridians could only be seen in the trading area.

As the highlight of the trading area, the auction house mainly sold items used by experts who had broken meridians.

For example: Xuan weapons, secret manuals of Xuan techniques or martial arts, and various rare medicinal herbs used to refine Xuan pills.

Today, the highlight of the auction house was two gene evolution potions.

When Wang Yongsan and Qiao Yuanjian arrived, the auction of the first gene evolution potion had just begun.

"Ladies and gentlemen, the next item up for auction is one of our highlights today: a gene evolution potion, along with a gene recovery potion."

"This item should be well understood by the seniors present. A bottle of gene evolution potion plus a bottle of gene recovery potion equals two chances to breakthrough."

"I won't go into too much detail. The starting bid is 50 Pulse-Breaking Pills, and each increase must be at least 5 pills."

"Now, the auction begins."

As soon as the host's voice fell, someone immediately started bidding.

"I bid 60 pills."

"I bid 65 pills."

"I bid 80 pills."

The bidding went back and forth, with most people increasing their bids by ten pills at a time.


Chapter 518:
```
However, after several attempts, the price was called out at 115.

"It's now 115, is there anyone willing to bid higher?"

Two chances to advance to the Breakthrough Realm for 115 Pulse Elixirs was not considered either too much or too little.

Wang Yongsan saw the number and his lips curled up slightly.

Even Blood Skull's half-baked gene evolution potion could fetch such a high price. Then, how much would his Perfect Gene Potion sell for? It would surely drive the price through the roof!

Moreover, he had Dr. Le and Dr. Yuan who could provide him with Perfect Gene Potions endlessly. He was about to get rich!








The first bottle of gene evolution potion prototype was sold for 115.

Wang Yongsan watched with enthusiasm and quietly left his seat to find the auction house management.

"Hello, how may I help you?"

The auction staff asked politely.

Wang Yongsan said, "I'd like to find your manager; I have a top-notch treasure that I want to auction off."

"Top-notch treasure?"

The auction staff member chuckled, although it was fleeting, the sarcasm was seen by Wang Yongsan.

In his eyes, gene evolution potions were already quite high-grade treasures; there couldn't possibly be anything more prestigious than them.

Wang Yongsan slightly frowned, "Can you make the decision? If so, I can show you the item. Otherwise, hurry up and find someone; don't waste our time."

The staff member realized that his unintentional sarcasm had been noticed. If it were another Breakthrough Realm expert, they might have taught him a lesson on the spot. At this moment, how could he dare to argue with Wang Yongsan? He immediately nodded and left.

After a while,

An old man walked out with the staff member leading him.

"Haha, it's actually Director Wang who has graced us with your presence."

"No, no, I'm just a humble servant. May I know who you are?"

"I am Guan Hede, the third manager of the auction house. I'm hosting today's Xiguan Auction Market."

The trading office is managed by each region itself, but the auction house belongs to a single family in Lu Shan, which is also ranked first among the hidden families in Lu Shan: the Guan family's business.

Wang Yongsan had heard of this Guan family, but so far, it seemed they hadn't moved into Xiguan.

Nodding upon hearing this, Wang Yongsan said, "Hello, Third Manager. I have a gene evolution potion that I'd like to auction here; what are the conditions?"

Guan Hede heard this and his eyes lit up, "To be honest, gene potions are indeed treasures worthy of being the highlight. If Director Wang is willing to auction it, our auction house will only charge half of the usual auction fee, which is 5% of the transaction amount. What do you think?"

Although there's only one auction house in Lu Shan Province, most people buy their items from the Guan family's auction house.

However, there are more auction houses in other provinces.

Breakthrough Realm masters occasionally go to other provinces to search for treasures, so in order to attract good items, the Guan family charges lower auction fees for truly valuable treasures compared to other items.

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly, "Manager Guan, my gene potion is a bit different from the ones you just auctioned off."
```


Chapter 519:
"Different?”

Guan Heqi frowned slightly, and asked, "How different?"

He was not short of the five percent auction commission. If he could use the five percent to establish some friendship with Wang Yongsan and the country behind him, he would be more than willing.

However, when he heard the gene potion just now, his hopes were raised very high. At this moment, when he heard that it was somewhat different from the real gene evolution potion, he felt a little disappointed.

Seeing his expression, Wang Yongsan knew that the old man had misunderstood.

He laughed and said, "Don't worry, Mr. Guan, the difference I mentioned is a good one. To be honest, these garbage you are auctioning off are just semi-finished products. Even with the gene recovery potion as a second insurance, the success rate of evolution is pitifully low. Moreover, once it fails, there will be no possibility of cultivation anymore."

Guan Heqi's expression was solemn, and he nodded and said, "I know what Mr. Wang said, but I don't know what kind of evolution potion you have? Could it be that the success rate is higher?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head slightly, and then said, "It's not just a higher success rate, but it can evolve perfectly."

"Perfect evolution?"

"Yes, perfect evolution."

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "That is to say, every gene evolution potion I have can make people evolve perfectly with a 100% success rate, and there is no side effect of becoming a modified person after failure."

Wow~!

Guan Heqi was full of disbelief: "Mr. Wang, are you kidding me?"

Wang Yongsan laughed and waved to the people behind him: "Mr. Hu, come over and say hello to Mr. Guan."

Hu Hao, who had been following Wang Yongsan, walked up to him and bowed: "Junior Hu Hao, I have seen Mr. Guan."

Guan Heqi looked at Hu Hao carefully: "It's the aura of breaking through the acupoint realm. Could it be that he is the one you helped to break through with the gene potion?"

Wang Yongsan nodded: "There were many people who saw it outside the market just now. If Mr. Guan doesn't believe me, you can send someone to ask."

Guan Heqi nodded and apologized: "I'm sorry, it's just that this matter is of great importance and may affect the reputation of our house. I have no intention of doubting Mr. Wang's words."

Although the Guan family was more powerful than the Qiao family, Guan Heqi's every move was much more polite than Qiao Yuanjian.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but have a good impression of this family.

"You should do whatever you need to do."

Guan Heqi said something to the followers behind him, and immediately that little follower ran out. Then Guan Heqi accompanied Wang Yongsan to drink tea and chat first.

In a short while, the little follower came back and whispered something in Guan Heqi's ear.

Guan Heqi was first shocked, and then excited, saying three good words in a row.

"Okay, okay, okay, Mr. Wang, your potion, I have confirmed it, but I still have one more unreasonable request."

"Say it." Wang Yongsan said.

"I hope that the gene potion auctioned this time can be used by the buyer on the spot. If it is effective, they can pay later. Of course, as a compensation for this unreasonable request of mine, this auction and even in the future, as long as Mr. Wang has items to be auctioned, the Guan Auction House will not charge you any commission. What do you think?"


Chapter 520:
Wang Yongsan smiled slightly.

This sentence from Guan Heqi seemed to be giving him a favor, but in reality, how could it not be an attempt to bind him and make him auction gene evolution potions exclusively at his place in the future?

However, this elderly man with gray hair had no airs about him, spoke eloquently, and offered substantial benefits. There was no reason for Wang Yongsan not to cooperate with him.

"Of course, this will also serve as an advertisement for my items and let everyone know what true gene evolution potions are."

"Hahaha, that's right! That's right!"

The old man and the young man both laughed heartily.

Meanwhile, Qiao Yuanjian had found the patriarch of the Qiao family and their eldest elder.

"Elder brother, is everything you said true?"

"Big brother, how could I dare to deceive you about such a matter? Even though I saw it with my own eyes, I couldn't believe that young man could produce such perfect evolution potions either."

Qiao Yuanjian's elder brother, Qiao Yuanxing, the patriarch of the Qiao family, nodded solemnly.

He praised his younger brother: "Well done this time, little brother. Since you have a bet with him, whether it's true or false, our Qiao family will profit. I only hope that the Guan family doesn't publicize it too much, so we can get our hands on the item at a lower price."








While Qiao Yuanjian's family was thinking about getting the item at a lower price, on the other side, Wang Yongsan and Guan Heqi were considering how much to auction it for.

"Brother Wang, I think for the first auction, we should focus on establishing our reputation. It's acceptable to slightly underprice it."

With the connection of gene evolution potions, Guan Heqi no longer called Wang Yongsan "Director Wang" but addressed him as "brother."

Wang Yongsan nodded. "Brother Guan is right, but the price can't be too low either. Otherwise, if we set a cheap standard for everyone, it will be difficult to raise the price in the future."

Guan Heqi laughed, "That's for sure. How about we set the starting price at 500 Pulse Pills? Each bid increases by 10 pills. Although the individual bidding increments are small, it will make more people raise their placards, making the competition seem fiercer."

When it came to auctions, Guan Heqi was a professional.

Wang Yongsan didn't think of anything more thorough than Guan Heqi, so he agreed with his plan.

"In that case, I'll put Brother Wang's potion at the end as the highlight. Do you have more of it with you?"

Wang Yongsan reached into his pocket and took out the gene evolution potion, handing it to Guan Heqi.

Holding the potion in his hand, Guan Heqi was reluctant to let go.

Even with the strength of his Guan family, they couldn't ignore a martial artist who could break through meridians. The more people with such strength, the better.

If it weren't for concerns about the auction house's reputation, he might have wanted to bid on it himself.

"Brother Wang, I have a rather impolite question. Do you have more of these items? Of course, if it's inconvenient for you to answer, you can choose not to."

Guan Heqi didn't ask Wang Yongsan where he got the potion from because he had already concluded that it was obtained from the government.


Chapter 521:
He only asked if there were many items. If there were many, he could buy some privately; if there weren't many, it would still be important to enhance the reputation of the auction house.

Wang Yongsan hesitated for a moment before saying, "Not many, but not too few either. If Shangguan Xiong is interested, I can give you a copy. However, I have one condition."

"Brother Wang, please speak freely." Shangguan Heqi was internally excited.

Every family would go through great lengths to produce a master who could break through the acupoints.

Therefore, if the condition wasn't too difficult, Shangguan Heqi was still willing to befriend Wang Yongsan.

"My condition is simple," said Wang Yongsan with a chuckle, showing a set of white teeth. "As you know, I am a civil servant, and sometimes the things I do are instructed by my superiors. Now that Western Wilderness is in chaos, so…"

Shangguan Heqi nodded repeatedly, not understanding what Wang Yongsan was trying to say at all.

Fortunately, Wang Yongsan didn't let him guess blindly but continued, "So my superiors want me to establish a martial arts alliance privately. We martial artists will elect our own leader to manage the entire Western Wilderness, allowing the country to worry less without causing too much resistance among our friends in the martial arts world."

Shangguan Heqi understood now.

"Brother Wang's intention is to ask my Shangguan family for help and support you in establishing the martial arts alliance?"

Wang Yongsan nodded. "Not only that, but it would be best if I could be elected as the leader or deputy leader. You know, not because I want to do it, but because my superiors have ordered me to. Although my face turns red, I have no choice but to grit my teeth and complete the task."

Shangguan Heqi nodded again.

Wang Yongsan pushed all the blame onto the country, making it take the blame for him. However, because of his identity, no one would doubt it.

In fact, only in this way was it more reasonable.

Otherwise, how could the country allow so many hidden families to emerge without intervening?

"It can be done, but Brother Wang shouldn't overestimate the influence of my Shangguan family. At most, we can help you find about ten allies. If it's more than that, it might be a bit difficult," said Shangguan Heqi truthfully.

What he said was true. After all, there was competition among hidden families. For example, the Qiao family had always wanted to open a Xuanqi Store specializing in selling Xuanqi weapons, which would compete with the Shangguan Auction House.

However, being able to win over ten allies was already very gratifying for Wang Yongsan.

"Thank you, Brother Shangguan. If everything goes well, I will surely repay you," said Wang Yongsan.

At that moment, someone rushed in from outside.

"Third Manager, the auction has reached its final item. I wonder if you still want to auction off that item you mentioned earlier?"

Wang Yongsan and Shangguan Heqi were both taken aback.

It turned out that they had been talking for so long, truly feeling like it was a pity to meet each other late.

They exchanged glances and chuckled.

Then Shangguan Heqi stood up and said, "Auction, of course we will auction. Since this is our first collaboration with Brother Wang, I, Shangguan Heqi, will personally go on stage to wield the hammer."

The staff member was shocked.

After all, each of the three managers of the Shangguan family had a cultivation level of breaking through acupoints at the third level or higher. They rarely did such things as wielding the hammer themselves.


Chapter 522:
Unless it is truly something extraordinary, like a high-grade Xuan Artifact that is quite practical, they might consider stepping onto the stage themselves.

The man who had previously doubted Wang Yongsan's items didn't expect that his own boss would be conquered by them in an instant.

"Yes, I'll go arrange it right away."

The staff quickly left.

On the stage.

The host held the auction hammer and loudly asked the audience below, "125 Qi-Bo Pills. Is there anyone willing to bid higher?"

"If not, this gene evolution serum will belong to the Qiao family."

*Crack!*

The hammer fell, sealing the deal.

The Qiao family purchased a gene evolution serum for 125 Qi-Bo Pills, and everyone was filled with joy.

Although it wasn't guaranteed to help one breakthrough, this was still a glimmer of hope. If someone succeeded in evolving, the Qiao family's strength would rise to a new level.

Everyone was filled with envy, but they understood that when it came to wealth, none of them could compare to the Qiao family, a Xuan Artifact family.

Once all items had been auctioned off, some people stood up to leave.

At that moment, the host suddenly shouted, "Please wait a moment, everyone! There is a special situation today. Our Third Assistant Manager will personally hold the auction hammer for an auction of our highlight item!"

"Now, please welcome our Third Assistant Manager."

*Splash!*

"It's actually the Shangguan Assistant Manager personally holding the hammer."

"It seems there's another incredible treasure up for auction."

"Even though I definitely can't afford it, getting to see something like this is still beneficial."

Everyone sat down quietly and waited for the next auction.

Especially the Qiao family members, upon learning that it was Shangguan Assistant Manager personally taking charge, their eyes immediately lit up.

"It seems that the item in that young man's hand is genuine after all, otherwise Shangguan Hegu wouldn't be personally holding the hammer to help him create momentum."

"But this is even better; our Qiao family doesn't have much, but we do have plenty of money. As long as he dares to bid, we will dare to buy it too!"

The three Qiao family members exchanged glances, all seeing a triumphant expression in each other's eyes.








Shangguan Hegu stepped onto the stage, while Wang Yongsan was seated in the backstage area waiting for the results.

"My esteemed friends, I am personally holding the auction hammer today because we have just received an incredible treasure. This item is both familiar and unfamiliar to everyone, but I can guarantee that every family would desperately want it, and they wouldn't have enough of it."

Shangguan Hegu spoke for a long time without revealing what the auction item was.

Below, everyone was anxious, and those close to the Shangguan family had already shouted out their questions.

Shangguan Hegu wanted this effect, to first pique everyone's curiosity and then reveal the auction item, creating a surprising delight for all.

"Alright."

As time was running out and the atmosphere in the auction house had become lively, Shangguan Hegu finally said, "The item we are auctioning today is a gene evolution serum."

Ah?

So it was just a gene evolution serum.

Two had already been auctioned off earlier; what did he think this was?

Is Shangguan Manager confused?


Chapter 523:
All present expressed deep disappointment upon hearing that it was a gene evolution potion. However, the next words from Guan Gong Qi lifted their spirits instantly.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I assure you that what I am auctioning is not the half-finished gene evolution potion but rather, the Perfect Evolution Potion."

Perfect Evolution Potion? What is that? No one had any information about it. At that moment, a weak voice sounded from an unknown direction: "When I came in earlier, I overheard someone talking about a gene evolution potion that allowed instant breakthrough to the Breakthrough Realm. Could it be, Master Guan is referring to that?"

Those outside, especially those wandering in the market, were all low-level martial artists. Qiao Yuanjian had arrived late due to an errand; otherwise, he would have been at the auction. Thus, few high-level martial artists inside had heard about what happened in the market.

The three from the Qiao family's faces darkened slightly. Master Guan had hyped up the gene evolution potion to this extent; when it came time for auction, the price would soar high.

Sure enough, after Master Guan briefly explained, he announced the auction rules: "Firstly, there is only one Perfect Evolution Potion. The starting bid is 500 Pulse Condensing Pills, and each increase must be at least ten pills."

A commotion broke out. Five hundred Pulse Condensing Pills were the price of top-tier treasures. However, if it could indeed guarantee a breakthrough from Pulse Condensation to Breakthrough Realm, it would add a top-tier fighter to the family—not too expensive. But…

"Master Guan, it's not that I don't trust your credibility, but we've never heard of such a perfect gene evolution potion. What if it doesn't match what you said?"

"Yeah, what if the breakthrough fails? That's 500 Pulse Condensing Pills!"

Every new product would be met with skepticism. Blood Skull had even given away over fifty half-finished gene potions to gain the trust of major families. Thus, it was understandable that they doubted the Perfect Gene Potion.

"Please be patient," Master Guan said calmly. "I've already discussed this with the seller. After the auction, the buyer will deposit the Pulse Condensing Pills with our bank. Then, we'll use the potion in front of everyone. If successful, all is well; if not, we'll return the pills. What do you think?"

Master Guan's words alleviated everyone's concerns. No one questioned further. "Now, the auction begins!"

The room fell silent as no one bid on the 500 Pulse Condensing Pills. Most families were just watching. Seeing no one bidding, Wang Yansan grew anxious.


Chapter 524:
If the potion fails to sell, it would not only mean a loss of income from the Pulse-Boosting Pills but also damage to my reputation as an alchemist. Without witnessing the effects of the Perfect Genetic Evolution Potion, I would be unable to attract followers or establish a martial alliance.

However, Wang Yongsan's anxiety was somewhat unnecessary.

Ou Guanhe had already made it clear that the Pulse-Boosting Pills would only be given if the potion was consumed on the spot and succeeded. If it failed, there would be no compensation.

This meant that as long as the item was successfully bid for, either the family would gain a new expert capable of breaking acupoints or they would simply have participated in a free auction. There would be no loss either way.

And exchanging Pulse-Boosting Pills for experts capable of breaking acupoints was something every hidden family would be eager to do.

After a brief silence, someone finally started bidding.

"Five hundred and ten pills."

This was a family head from the top ten families in Lu Shan, who had come for the Genetic Evolution Potion but lost out to others. Now that another potion claimed to be perfect had appeared, and everyone was hesitating, he decided to try his luck.

Once someone started bidding, others followed suit.

"I bid five hundred and twenty pills."

"Five hundred and three."

"Five hundred and four."

The bidding began, with each bid incrementally higher than the last.

Although the increases were small, the competition was fierce.

In no time at all, the price had reached seven hundred pills.

"These guys have no capital but are causing trouble," Qiao Yuanxing frowned and said.

Seven hundred pills was already a high price, yet someone continued to bid.

"Seven hundred and ten pills."

Someone raised their hand.

Before the words had even faded, a loud voice suddenly rang out: "I bid eight hundred pills."

"It's the Qian family; they've finally made a move," someone exclaimed.

"The Qian family ranked second in Lu Shan?"

"Starting at eight hundred pills, they really are rich."

The Qian family's bid immediately stunned everyone.

Except for the Qiao family.

"Patriarch, eight hundred pills is too much; why don't we give up?" the Qiao family's eldest elder suggested.

However, Qiao Yuanjian disagreed; he was still determined to make Wang Yongsan kneel before him.

"Elder brother, eight hundred pills is expensive, but our opponent is the Qian family. If they buy it, it will be even harder for us to surpass them in the future."

Qiao Yuanxing had already hesitated, but upon hearing his brother's words, his eyes became determined.

He raised his hand and shouted: "Eight hundred and ten pills."

His bid immediately caused a commotion among the crowd.

"The Qiao family has also made a move," someone said.

"They've always been in competition with the Qian family; it seems they're going to clash this time."

Before people could even finish discussing, the Qian family made another offer.

"I bid eight hundred and eighty-eight pills."

Eight, eight, eight—good luck numbers that the Qian family favored.

Qiao Yuanxing had already gritted his teeth and bid eight hundred and ten pills; if he were to increase the bid, it would cost nearly a hundred more Pulse-Boosting Pills.

So many pills could potentially cultivate two experts capable of breaking acupoints!









Chapter 525:
"Brother, the Qian family has already bid up to 888; this should be their limit. As long as you raise the price once more, they will definitely not compete further."

At a critical moment, a teammate who was as useless as a pig stepped forward.

Qiao Yuanhang had originally decided not to bid anymore, but upon hearing his brother Qiao Yuanjian's words, he hesitated once more.

"Brother, don't forget that if we buy fake goods, the Rejuvenation Pills can be returned or exchanged. So what we're buying isn't just the item, but also the expertise of a master who can break through meridians. Don't you want our Qiao family to surpass the Qian family under your leadership?"

Qiao Yuanjian's eyes were red with excitement as he nervously stared at his elder brother.

The eldest elder, who was standing beside him, wanted to dissuade them but felt that although he held the position of eldest elder, his relationship with the family head was not as close as Qiao Yuanjian's. Thus, it would be inconvenient for him to oppose them at this moment.

"Alright, I shall raise the price one more time. If the Qian family continues to compete, I will give up on this bid."

"Thank you, brother! Thank you so much!"

Qiao Yuanjian was so enthusiastic about bidding because, apart from wanting Wang Yongsan to kneel before him, he also wanted his son who had been stuck at the peak of Rejuvenation for many years to advance.

Although Qiao Yuanjian's family had previously obtained a Blood Skull Gene Evolution Potion, there were side effects, and he had always been hesitant to let his son use it.

If they were to successfully bid for the perfect Gene Evolution Potion this time, there would be no doubt that it would be given to his son.

"898 Rejuvenation Pills."

Qiao Yuanhang only increased the bid by the minimum amount of 10 pills, but this price was already shocking beyond words.

Nearly 900 Rejuvenation Pills—even the eleventh-ranked hidden family in Lu Shan Province might not be able to take out so many at once.

Perhaps only the top five families would have such a large amount of wealth.

The ones who dared to spend so many Rejuvenation Pills on a Gene Evolution Potion would probably only be the Qiao family and the Qian family.

Everyone turned their attention to the Qian family, eagerly anticipating them to make another bid.

However, the Qian family merely laughed and said with a bow, "Family Head Qiao truly has great courage and did not disappoint us. We concede with 898 Rejuvenation Pills."

Huh?

What did they mean by "did not disappoint us"?

Could it be that the Qian family deliberately raised the price to trick the Qiao family?

Everyone suddenly understood.

Nearly 900 Rejuvenation Pills were worth more than many families, and the reason it reached such a high price was entirely because the Qian family deliberately hyped it up.

They were certain that the Qiao family wanted to surpass them and would not miss this shortcut opportunity, so they deliberately used 888 as bait to lure the Qiao family into a trap.

How cunning!

"Hahaha, it seems that the Qian family and the Qiao family are not on good terms; we can consider forming an alliance with them."

Wang Yongsan saw this result and couldn't help but laugh happily.

Hu Hao, who was beside him, quickly chimed in, "Elder, the Qian family is the second-ranked hidden family in Lu Shan Province. They have eight Breakthrough masters within their ranks, and they are also a family of alchemists. They have more wealth than the Qiao family, and their reputation outside is also much better; they can definitely be trusted to treat everyone fairly without using their power to oppress others."

Wang Yongsan nodded in agreement.


Chapter 526:
The Qian family has not moved into the Western Wilderness either, but Wang Yongsan believes that as long as his gene evolution potion gains fame, these prominent families will eventually lower their pride and come to curry favor with him.

Otherwise, not to mention anything else, if he takes out thirty doses of gene evolution potion and finds thirty peak-level Qi Meridian Openers, he can create a powerful family with thirty high-level acupoint openers. Even if the hidden world families are as powerful as they claim to be, their fate would still be one of instant defeat.

It can be said that in this era, controlling the gene evolution potion is equivalent to controlling all the strong individuals.

No wonder Blood Skull is so concerned about this matter; it's all understandable now.

Qiao Yuanxing's face has turned completely gloomy, and his gaze towards his brother is filled with more than a hint of blame.

If it weren't for Qiao Yuanjian constantly blowing wind in his ear, he would have given up bidding just now.

It seems that the Qian family must have known about Qiao Yuanjian's previous conflict with Wang Yongsan, which is why they weren't afraid that he would give up.

"I now announce, the winner of this round's bidding is Qiao Yuanxing, the family head."

"Family Head Qiao, please pay the deposit and then take your potion to find someone to use it."

As his name suggests, Guan Hexi is indeed amiable and speaks to Qiao Yuanxing in a friendly manner.

At this point, even if he is being tricked, Qiao Yuanxing has no choice but to proceed with the transaction.

"I brought very few Qi Meridian Opening Pills this time, and the person who needs to use this potion is not present either; we will need to wait for a moment."

"That's fine, we can wait," Guan Hexi smiles and says.

Qiao Yuanxing's family is based in BS City, hidden away in the depths of a mountain forest. He instructs his younger brother to contact their nephew and have him rush over while bringing along 900 Qi Meridian Opening Pills.

Thinking about spending 900 Qi Meridian Opening Pills on just one dose of evolution potion makes Qiao Yuanxing's heart ache.

However, since the person using it is his nephew, if he can break through to become an acupoint opener, it would at least provide some consolation.

Three hours later,

A man who looks somewhat similar to Qiao Yuanjian enters the room.

"Elder brother, First Elder, Dad."

The man excitedly greets the three of them.

He already knows what he is here for, and once successful, he will become an acupoint opener. As for the Qi Meridian Opening Pills, since he is not the family head and doesn't need so many, it's fine to spend them.

"Zezhu, take the Qi Meridian Opening Pills and go up to claim your item. You can use it directly on the stage."

Qiao Yuanjian smiles and instructs his son.

Although three hours have passed, the auction hall is still packed with people.

Some people went out for a stroll during the break and returned to the auction house when they saw Qiao's younger generation coming in. Additionally, due to the earlier rumors, many people who were initially not interested in the auction or lacked the funds gathered to watch the excitement.

The stage is filled with a sea of people as they watch Qiao Zezhu walk up and hand over a large box containing 898 Qi Meridian Opening Pills.

Guan Hexi personally counts them once.

Then he nods and says, "Good, the quantity is correct. Now this perfect gene evolution potion belongs to you; use it immediately."

Without Guan Hexi's urging, Qiao Zezhu is already eager to use the evolution potion and gulps it down in one go.

"Aaaaaahhhhhh… It's so hot!"


Chapter 527:
In less than three seconds, Qiao Zezhucai's body was covered in red.

The immense pain caused him to let out a heart-wrenching scream.

"Zezhucai," Qiao Yuanxing said.

"Bastard, what the hell is this stuff?" Qiao Yuanxing was about to lose his temper when Guan Hexi stopped him.

"Mr. Qiao, please be patient; this is a normal occurrence and will pass in a moment."

Qiao Yuanxing had also witnessed Gu Hao's breakthrough, so he advised Qiao Yuanxing, "Brother, let's wait and see."

Everyone was watching Qiao Zezhucai.

After about half a minute, the red on his body gradually faded.








Everyone was focused on Qiao Zezhucai until the red completely disappeared, and he lay there panting like a dying dog. No one took their eyes off him for even a moment.

"Is this...success?"

"The aura doesn't seem very strong."

"Having a strong aura doesn't necessarily mean breaking through; some peak-level martial artists have been stuck in one realm for too long, and their aura might not be weaker than those who have broken through. However, as long as the acupoints haven't been opened, it doesn't count as a breakthrough."

"In my opinion, this so-called Perfect Genetic Evolution Elixir is a joke; it can't be real."

The whispers below grew louder and gradually became chaotic.

Guan Hexi, who was in charge of the event, had heard Wang Yongsan's introduction and knew that this situation was normal. However, no matter how he looked at it, he couldn't tell if Qiao Zezhucai had opened his acupoints.

After another ten minutes, Qiao Zezhucai finally calmed down and slowly got up from the ground.

"Zezhucai, how is it? Did you make it?" Before Guan Hexi could speak, Qiao Yuanxing shouted from below.

Qiao Zezhucai checked his body, and his expression gradually turned joyful.

"I did it; I made it! I am now a Peak Martial Artist! Ahaha, I'm a Peak Martial Artist!"

Qiao Zezhucai was ecstatic and couldn't contain his excitement.

It wasn't surprising that he was so excited; after all, with the resources of a hidden family, cultivating to peak-level martial arts wasn't difficult. Even though the Qi Condensation Pill couldn't work on those above the fifth level of martial arts, there were other methods to help martial artists advance faster.

However, the gap between peak-level martial arts and breaking through was enormous.

Taking Qiao's family as an example, there were at least 20 to 30 peak-level martial artists of Qiao Zezhucai's generation, but only his eldest brother had managed to break through.

Now, Qiao Zezhucai had become the second strongest young generation in his family with such ease. How could he not be ecstatic?

"Hahaha, I am now a Peak Martial Artist!"

At the age of 35 or 6, becoming a Peak Martial Artist might not be as impressive as Ye Qing's achievement, but among the younger generation, he was undoubtedly outstanding.

Qiao Zezhucai was overjoyed and punched the ground in front of him, creating a depression in the stone floor.

At this moment, everyone was convinced that the potion had indeed allowed someone to break through to Peak Martial Artist. Moreover, it only took a few minutes for them to drink it and break through easily.


Chapter 528:
All present, including the Qian family and the host Guan with his harmonious demeanor, could not hide their envy in their eyes.

At this moment, they were even thinking that it was fortunate they had not sided with Blood Skull. Otherwise, if they were now at odds with the country and there was such a perfect medicine available, even if they wanted to compete for it, they would probably have no chance.

"Excellent! Truly worthy of being my good son, excellent!"

Qiao Yuanjian praised repeatedly.

For him, the family's resources all belonged to his elder brother; only his own cultivation and that of his son were truly his own.

Let alone exchanging nine hundred Pulse-Stimulating Pills for his son's breakthrough to the Broken Meridian realm, even if it cost more, he believed it was worth it.

"Alright, the facts have proven that the gene evolution medicine just now was indeed perfect. Not only did it genuinely help someone breakthrough, but its usage is simple and the effects are extremely swift."

"Today's auction concludes here; please continue to follow our Guan Auction House, as there will undoubtedly be similar items up for auction in the future."

A commotion broke out.

Such priceless items actually existed more?

But upon reflection, it made sense.

For gene medicine like this, the most difficult aspect was the formula; requirements for materials were secondary. Since someone had already researched such a thing, it would be impossible to abandon it after just producing one batch.

The hearts of everyone present ignited with fervor once more.

Although they could not afford the first batch of medicine, as long as they waited a little longer, there would naturally be subsequent batches.

However, the later one bought it, the longer their family's strength would be suppressed by others, and at that time, the gap might become even larger.

"Wait a moment!"

At this moment, a voice suddenly echoed throughout the auction house.

"Brother Wang, what are your intentions?" Guan Heqi asked Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan first bowed to Guan Heqi and said with a smile, "I'm sorry, Brother Guan. I have some personal matters related to the auction that need to be resolved here."

"Personal matters?"

Earlier, Wang Yongsan had not mentioned the matter of the Qiao family to Guan Heqi.

However, due to the unfriendly relationship between the Guan family and the Qiao family, Wang Yongsan briefly explained a few things to Guan Heqi, who then chose not to interfere.

As soon as Guan Heqi stepped down from the stage, Wang Yongsan then bowed to everyone below and said, "Esteemed seniors, I am Wang Yongsan, the seller of the medicine just now."

These words caused another round of exclamations.

"So the medicine was provided by him!"

"It must be that the imperial court has made progress in their research and allowed him to exchange it for Pulse-Stimulating Pills."

"That's right; the imperial court doesn't have many alchemists, and in these aspects, their resources have always been inferior to those of our noble families."

"No wonder; I was wondering who could obtain such a miraculous medicine, and if it were the imperial court's research, there would be no need for surprise."

Everyone mistakenly believed it was the imperial court's research, but this was exactly what Wang Yongsan wanted; it would save him a lot of trouble.

Everyone graciously waited to see what Wang Yongsan had to say.

Only Qiao Yuangu, upon seeing Wang Yongsan actually stepping onto the stage, slightly furrowed his brows.

"This brat, could it be that he really intends to turn against my Qiao family? Where does he get the audacity from?"


Chapter 529:
In Qiao Yuancheng's eyes, although Wang Yongsan was doing things for the country, he was like a dog of the state, unable to make decisions on his own. The only sensible thing he could do with this position was to make more connections with people like himself, the elders of the aristocratic families. There would be no fool who would deliberately oppose him.

Unfortunately, he had absolutely no understanding of Wang Yongsan.

Other officials might think about benefiting themselves, but Wang Yongsan didn't have those bureaucratic habits.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan stood on the stage with a smile, looking down at Qiao Yuancheng below. He spoke slowly and calmly: "Brother Qiao, our bet from before has now come to a conclusion. Your son personally tested my medicine, so you can't possibly think I cheated again this time, right?"

Hmm?

What's going on?

Could it be that there was another reason behind the auction of this item by the Qiao family?

Everyone has a sense of curiosity. Although many people had already heard some rumors before, the bet between Wang Yongsan and Qiao Yuancheng was still unknown to many.

Seeing so many people paying attention to him, Qiao Yuancheng's face turned red like fire.

"Brother Wang, about what happened before, it was my fault for speaking out of turn. I apologize to you here and hope that you won't hold a grudge against me."

In his opinion, his apology was already giving Wang Yongsan enough face.

But Wang Yongsan didn't want to let it go so easily.








Although Wang Yongsan had a temper, he wasn't one to hold on to an advantage. His decision to stand up was carefully considered.

Firstly, Qiao Yuancheng had offended him before, making him unhappy.

Although this matter wasn't significant, Wang Yongsan was going to establish the Jianghu Alliance and hold at least a vice-alliance leader position. In this case, his reputation was crucial.

Secondly, the Qiao family's reputation wasn't good.

As the director of the Daogai Bureau, Wang Yongsan didn't learn much else but understood one principle very well.

That is - attacking villains can gain the support and assistance of more good people.

While social assistance might mostly be reflected in public opinion, the help from Jianghu people could potentially be substantial support.

Therefore, for the establishment of the alliance and to secure a stable position above vice-alliance leader, Wang Yongsan needed to take advantage of this opportunity to strike a blow at the Qiao family, both for public and private reasons.

"Brother Qiao, I accept your apology, but we Jianghu people are known for keeping our word. The matters we agreed upon should still be carried out," Wang Yongsan said forcefully.

Some people in the crowd knew what was going on and began spreading the news.

As expected, it turned out just as Wang Yongsan had anticipated.

Many people who heard the story were blaming Qiao Yuancheng for being too overbearing. Except for a few aristocratic families closely related to the Qiao family, everyone else was on Wang Yongsan's side.

Qiao Yuancheng frowned and asked his brother, "Yuancheng, what exactly happened?"

Although he also didn't take Wang Yongsan seriously, at this moment, Wang Yongsan was holding the supply channel for the Perfect Gene Evolution Medicine, and it couldn't be easily offended.

Qiao Yuancheng blushed and recounted what had happened outside just now.


Chapter 530:
However, in his words, he downplayed his own mistakes and exaggerated Wang Yongsan's dominance.

"Elder brother, with so many people watching, if I kneel to him, it won't just be my face that is lost, but the entire Qiao family, including yours." Qiao Yuanjian said with a bitter face.

"You ungrateful brat!"

Qiao Yuanxing was furious.

But Qiao Yuanjian was right; if he really knelt to Wang Yongsan, the Qiao family's reputation would be ruined.

"Brother Wang, it was my younger brother who acted recklessly. He now regrets his actions. I have fifty Pulse-Strengthening Pills here; why don't you take them as an apology, and let this matter rest?"

To offer fifty Pulse-Strengthening Pills as an apology was indeed a generous gesture.

However, Wang Yongsan didn't care about them.

"Elder Qiao, to be honest, I don't know what to do with these nine hundred Pulse-Strengthening Pills. If you give me another fifty, I'll be worried sick about them!"

Ha ha ha.

Laughter erupted from the audience, specifically from the Qian family's side.

The head of the Qian family stood up and said to Wang Yongsan with a salute, "Younger Brother Wang, you are indeed humorous. I appreciate your wit. These one hundred Pulse-Strengthening Pills are my gift to you as a token of our acquaintance."

With a wave of his hand, the Qian family head sent a bottle filled with Pulse-Strengthening Pills flying towards Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan caught it and laughed, "Thank you, Elder Qian. I won't be polite then!"

One hundred Pulse-Strengthening Pills given away so easily; the Qian family truly was wealthy and influential.

But no one was surprised by this.

As the saying goes, an enemy's enemy is a friend. The Qian family had always been at odds with the Qiao family, and since Wang Yongsan was slapping the Qiao family in the face, he could be considered a potential ally of the Qian family.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan had access to the source of Gene Potions. The Qian family's gift of one hundred Pulse-Strengthening Pills could be seen as an investment in their friendship. As long as Wang Yongsan secretly sold them two Gene Potions next time, the gift would not be in vain.

None of these family heads were fools; otherwise, their families would have been wiped out long ago. Wang Yongsan had learned a thing or two from interacting with these big figures, so he accepted the gifts without hesitation.

"Elder Qiao, there are many people waiting. A man of honor keeps his word; if you go back on your promise, that would be truly embarrassing."

Wang Yongsan continued to press him.

If there was a way to avoid kneeling, Qiao Yuanjian wouldn't care about breaking his promise.

But now, with so many people watching, especially the Qian family present, if he tried to escape, the Qian family might cause trouble for no reason.

And then,

Qiao Yuanxing suddenly ordered his younger brother, "Yuanjian, go and resolve the trouble you've caused."

"Elder brother?"

Qiao Yuanjian was about to cry.

By his elder brother's words, he meant for Qiao Yuanjian to kneel and apologize.

"Hmph, you should know how Zexu managed to breakthrough. Offending this young man is nothing; if we lose out on the Gene Potions because of him, not only will we fail to surpass the Qian family, but our Qiao family might even be surpassed by other families. At that time, can you take responsibility for it?"

</div>


Chapter 531:
Qiao Yuan saw the unwillingness in Qiao Zeyu's eyes, but what his elder brother said was true. For now, it wasn't the right time to offend Wang Yongsan.

"Father, let me kneel for you."

Qiao Zeyu took the initiative to offer, but Qiao Yuan pushed him away fiercely.

"You're still young. If you kneel now, how will you face others in the future? In any case, my kneeling must not be in vain. I can't offend him openly, but secretly...hmm."

Qiao Yuan's expression darkened as he walked onto the stage and, with a loud slap, knelt before Wang Yongsan.

"Brother Wang, I'm sorry. This time, it was my mistake."

"Alright, get up now."

Wang Yongsan felt no pity for the man before him.

Bullying the weak and oppressing others under one's power—that was the way of the Qiao family. If not for Wang Yongsan having two gene evolution potions on hand, he would have been falsely accused today.

As the Qiao family really knelt before Wang Yongsan, unconsciously, Wang Yongsan's image in the eyes of these parents grew taller.

What Wang Yongsan wanted was this effect.

Only by making them feel that he was an equal, or even superior, existence would the opposition be minimized when they pushed him to become the leader of the alliance.

As for the Qiao family...

Being human doesn't mean everyone has to be friends.

Sometimes, associating with evil people could lead oneself to gain a bad reputation as well.

The auction ended.

Wang Yongsan returned to the backstage, settled accounts with Guan Huaqing, and then chatted for a while.

"Third Assistant, the patriarch of the Qian family wishes to see you." A man approached and said.

"Hmm? Qian Yongkuan, it seems he's here to see Brother Wang. I wonder if Brother Wang would be willing to meet him?"

Guan Huaqing stroked his beard and asked Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan knew why the other party had come, but since he had accepted 100 Qi-Bo Dans from the other party earlier, it wouldn't be right not to even give him a glance.

Moreover, the other party was, after all, the second-ranked family in Lu Shan. If he could befriend them, it would be a great help to him.

So Wang Yongsan hesitated for a moment before nodding in agreement.








"Patriarch Qian is an elder. If he really came for me, then naturally I should meet him." Wang Yongsan said politely.

Guan Huaqing heard this and instructed his subordinates: "Go, invite Patriarch Qian in."

The person left and soon brought someone else in.

Wang Yongsan and Guan Huaqing both stood up to greet them.

"Patriarch Qian."

"Elder Brother Guan, Little Brother Wang, please forgive me for disturbing you both."

"What disturbance? You're an elder, just call out whenever there's something."

The three exchanged polite greetings and then took their seats respectively.

Qian Yongkuan got straight to the point.

"Brother Wang, I wonder if you could get more of those potions?"

"Well..."

Wang Yongsan glanced at Guan Huaqing, not wanting to offend either party, and said: "I can get more, but I've already agreed with Elder Brother Guan that they will be auctioned here. But since we hit it off right away, I can spare one for you."

Qian Yongkuan nodded.

He had come personally this time, and it wasn't just for one potion.


Chapter 532:
"Brother Wang, how about this: we have no problem with the price, but can you give us a little more privately? You wouldn't want those clowns from the Qiao family to get their hands on the medicine again, would you?"

Wang Yongsan put on an Oscar-worthy performance, pretending to be bashful: "Family Head Qian, I'm quite tempted by your offer. But I'm not good at going back on my word. It was already difficult to squeeze out an extra dose from the ten promised to Old Brother Guan, let alone more..."

Wang Yongsan shook his head gently, a troubled expression on his face.

"Then... Brother Wang, can you try to get more from above?"

Qian Yongkuan had no intention of finding a breakthrough with Guan Heqi.

As one of the Three Great Families, there was competition between the Qian and Guan families. Despite their friendly facade, they would never compromise on matters of principle.

Wang Yongsan shook his head again.

Just when Qian Yongkuan thought there was no hope, Wang Yongsan suddenly spoke up: "But..."

Qian Yongkuan's eyes lit up.

"But what? Brother Wang, please speak freely. I promise not to tell anyone else."

Wang Yongsan glanced at Guan Heqi before continuing: "To be honest, these medicines were given to me for a mission I need to complete."

"What kind of mission? Can our Qian family help?" Qian Yongkuan asked eagerly.

"It's possible, but since I already have a deal with Old Brother Guan, even if you join in now, it's unlikely you'll get as many doses."

"After all, there are many peak-level practitioners in the regulatory department waiting for medicine. Naturally, they should be given priority."

Although these were fabricated words, Wang Yongsan's official status made it hard to doubt him.

Qian Yongkuan didn't care about anything else now; he just wanted to get his hands on the gene medicine, and how much he could get.

Now that perfect gene evolution medicine had appeared, the world's landscape might change because of it. It could be said that the gene era had truly arrived.

At this time, if anyone fell behind even a little bit, it would be impossible for them to catch up later.

Therefore, no matter the cost, his family must remain in the first echelon of gene evolution.

"Brother Wang, just say it. Since Old Brother Guan can promise you, our Qian family should be able to do the same. Just make sure you lean more towards us when it comes to medicine distribution."

"No problem, no problem." Wang Yongsan was waiting for Qian Yongkuan's words.

The two then discussed the matter openly.

Qian family agreed to help Wang Yongsan find at least eight more families and supported him as the leader. In return, Wang Yongsan promised five doses of gene evolution medicine.

Of the Three Great Families in Lu Mountain, both Guan and Qian families were now on board, along with eighteen other families.

Now Wang Yongsan just needed to convince twelve more families to complete his task of becoming the leader of Jianghu.


Chapter 533:
Before leaving, Qian Yongkuan gave Wang Yongsan some more Washing Marrow Pills.

Wang Yongsan already had enough Opening Meridian Pills, but he didn't have any Washing Marrow Pills. Qian Yongkuan gave him one thousand of them, which were worth only fifty Opening Meridian Pills. However, they were exactly what he needed.

"Here, these one hundred Opening Meridian Pills and two hundred Washing Marrow Pills are my gift to you, the Hu family's disciples. Since you plan to bring your whole clan to follow me, I can't let you run out of pills."

Wang Yongsan waved his hand and took out three bottles of pills, giving them to Hu Houtang.

Hu Houtang was stunned for a moment.

Then, with a bang, he knelt down on one knee.

"Disciple Hu Houtang, thanks Senior for the pills."

Wang Yongsan quickly pulled him up: "What are you doing? I'm not from your clan, so I don't understand these rules. But there is one thing I must make clear in advance: you must discipline your family members. If they can do good deeds that win people's hearts, let them do it; if not, they must never do evil. If any of my own people make a mistake, I will punish them twice as severely."

Hu Houtang's expression was serious, and he replied earnestly: "Senior please rest assured, if any of my Hu family members make a mistake, I, Hu Houtang, will directly cripple him."

Wang Yongsan nodded in satisfaction with Hu Houtang.

He wanted to be the leader of the martial arts world, so he needed some trusted followers. Although the Hu family's strength was weak, from Hu Houtang, he could see that this family was quite loyal.

Lack of strength could be improved with pills and potions, but having a rebellious mind was something he would never dare to use.

For example:

- The Yu family.

Wang Yongsan returned with a full load, and as soon as he got back to his room, he heard women's voices inside.

"Who is it?"

"It's not Sha Sha, nor Lin Tong, nor Chen Ran and Hua Jing."

"But the voice seems familiar."

The voices inside were too soft for Wang Yongsan to tell if they were friends or foes.

However, as a master of breaking acupoints, he wouldn't be afraid even if someone was hiding. He opened the door and walked in directly.

"Who is it?"

Seeing the people inside, Wang Yongsan's head suddenly grew bigger.

The two girls in the room were none other than Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo, the two sisters from the Yu family.

"Greetings, Young Master."

When Wang Yongsan entered the room, Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo immediately stood up from the sofa and respectfully gave him a deep curtsy.

This kind of curtsy was an ancient etiquette, usually used by servants or concubines to their masters.

Because Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo were trained as gifts to attract talents since they were young, so they learned this kind of etiquette that made men feel very proud.

If it were someone else, treated like this by them, might have drooled, but Wang Yongsan saw it and felt his head was twice as big.








Everyone has a love for beauty.

But Wang Yongsan couldn't enjoy these two beauties.

Not to mention how jealous Luo Yusha was, even Wang Yongsan himself couldn't accept having so many girlfriends.

</div>


Chapter 534:
And besides, in Wang Yongsan's eyes, people like the Yu sisters who treat themselves with humble status are also unacceptable to him. In his view, feelings should be mutual, not the unreserved giving of one side to another.

Even if he is the recipient of such giving, it would still be unacceptable.

So without saying a word, Wang Yongsan closed the door and fled downstairs.

He didn't stop until he was far away, only then did his restless heart calm down.

"Elder?"

Just as Wang Yongsan stopped, a weak voice came from beside him.

Wang Yongsan turned to look and saw someone he didn't recognize.

The man was in his fifties, at the second level of Broken Vessel realm. Wang Yongsan couldn't help but furrow his brows and asked, "Who are you?"

"Elder, I am the patriarch of the Longtai Ma family, Ma Hongxin. We are fellow townsfolk," said the old man.

The elderly man kept calling him Elder and tried to establish a connection with Wang Yongsan by mentioning their shared hometown. Without asking further, it was clear that he had something to ask of Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan chuckled and asked knowingly, "Patriarch Ma, what brings you here?"

Although Wang Yongsan wanted these people to come looking for him, sometimes the higher you set your stance, the more respect you receive.

It's similar to how some items sell for higher prices because they are perceived as more valuable. If the price drops, people might think it has lost its prestige and lose interest.

Of course, there are fewer fools nowadays, so you must have genuinely good items to maintain a high stance. As for Wang Yongsan's items, they were indeed top-notch.

"Um, to be honest, I've come for the Gene Evolution Potion. Would Elder mind giving us some potions on credit, considering we are fellow townsfolk?" said the old man humbly. His plea made Wang Yongsan feel somewhat uncomfortable.

Even social people understand the principle of the strong preying on the weak, and it's even more evident in martial families.

One potion equals one Broken Vessel expert. With it, your family's power would soar, but without it, you watch other families advance while yours stagnates or declines.

In the martial world, one's fate is not in their own hands—an ancient saying that holds true.

Wang Yongsan asked with a smile, "On credit? How much do you want to owe first?"

"May I ask how much Elder plans to sell each potion for?"

"Hmm, 700 Pulse Condensing Pills per potion."

The previous price was driven up by malicious bidding from the Qian family. Wang Yongsan thought that 700 per potion should be about right.

"Oh, so how about owing 300 Pulse Condensing Pills first? Is that possible?" Ma Hongxin asked cautiously.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but find him amusing.

"300 Pulse Condensing Pills? You're trying to buy them at half price, aren't you? Do you know how much the Qian family offered for them? 800 Pulse Condensing Pills, and I didn't even sell to them."

Ma Hongxin said with a bitter smile, "Elder, our Ma family is just an average family, not like the Qian family's wealthy status. We simply can't afford this many Pulse Condensing Pills at once. Please help us out, considering we are fellow townsfolk."

Wang Yongsan knew he was telling the truth.

His goal wasn't really about Pulse Condensing Pills, and money loses its value once you have enough of it, just like how Pulse Condensing Pills do after reaching a certain amount.


Chapter 535:
"Alright, since we're from the same place, I'll give you a chance to buy on credit. But we need something as collateral since it's just our word. Also, I'm selling this to you at such a low price because I want your family to help me with something."

"What is it?"

The head of the Ma family asked cautiously.

Wang Yongsan laughed: "I want to establish a martial arts alliance and be the leader for fun. Now, eighteen families including the Guan and Qian families have agreed to support me. If your Ma family also helps, I'll sell you the medicine at a discount. Otherwise, there's no deal."

"The Guan and Qian families agreed?"

"That's right."

Hearing that even these two prominent families supported Wang Yongsan, the head of the Ma family had no more concerns.

"Alright, I can make this decision. What about the medicine?"

The head of the Ma family looked at Wang Yongsan with anticipation.

Wang Yongsan smiled: "Don't worry, I need to apply for approval from above. But it should arrive soon. You should prepare the collateral first. We'll exchange the medicine for it when it arrives."

Satisfied with Wang Yongsan's answer, the head of the Ma family left contentedly.

Wang Yongsan thought this matter would take a few days to settle, but unexpectedly someone came looking for the medicine right after he got home.

It seemed that the Yu sisters were sent by their brothers because of this matter.

Wang Yongsan shook his head.

The two girls were so beautiful and charming, but they had such a family. It was quite pitiful.

Wang Yongsan wanted to save them but feared they would take the opportunity to cling to him. In the end, he could only sigh and do nothing.

After that, Wang Yongsan moved to the employee dormitory of the Road Improvement Bureau to avoid the Yu sisters.

Suddenly, the dormitory became lively with many family heads or elders bringing gifts to ask for a favor and buy the medicine on credit.

Not every hidden family had a breakthrough expert, and even if they did, there was usually only one.

Half of the families in Lu Shan had to spend all their wealth to support a breakthrough expert to protect them from bullying. It was easy to imagine how tempting the gene evolution medicine would be for them.

Buzzing,

The phone rang.

Wang Yongsan put his feet up and said to a family head from a second-rate family, "Alright, go prepare the items first. We'll talk after you bring them over."

"Yes, yes, I'll leave now."

This family head left after getting permission to buy on credit.

Wang Yongsan picked up the phone and changed his expression to a friendly smile: "Brother Ye, why are you calling me?"

On the phone, Ye Qing laughed wryly: "I don't come here without a reason."

"Is it about the gene evolution medicine?"

Wang Yongsan immediately knew why.

But Ye Qing was his own person, and Wang Yongsan had been too busy to think about it before. If Ye Qing asked for the medicine, he would give it away for free.


Chapter 536:
Ye Qing asked about the gene potion, but not from Wang Yongsan.

He said, "Brother Wang, where did you get these potions from? The imperial court has been researching for so long without any results, but you got there first. Now the imperial court is in turmoil because of you, especially the old man Gu, who suggested arresting you and extracting the source of the potion.

You should contact my father-in-law as soon as possible. He can at least convey your message to the highest authority and speak a few words for you."








Hearing Ye Qing's words, Wang Yongsan couldn't help but frown.

He already knew about the imperial court researching the gene potion, and even submitted the results of the previous Blood Skull experiment to the country.

Now, instead of being grateful, the old man Gu wanted to arrest him and use torture to extract information about the potion. This made Wang Yongsan feel cold in his heart.

"I understand, Brother Ye. I'll call Uncle Zhu right now."

After hanging up the phone with Ye Qing, Wang Yongsan immediately called Zhu Changan.

The call connected, and Zhu Changan's gentle voice came from the other end: "Haha, Little Wang, long time no see. You must have called me about the gene potion, right?"

Zhu Changan was straightforward and didn't beat around the bush. He knew that Wang Yongsan must have something important to say, so he took the initiative to bring it up.

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Yes, Uncle Zhu, I have to say that this matter is quite troublesome. Originally, I planned to use the gene potion to clean up the mess in Xihai first and then report it according to the situation. But now I hear that someone in the imperial court wants to arrest me and use torture to force me to reveal the source of the potion. To be honest, I was shocked when I heard this news."

Zhu Changan chuckled and said, "Don't blame anyone for this. When I heard about it, I was also very angry. But you should believe that this is just the opinion of a small part of the imperial court. The leaders have already rejected their proposal."

Zhu Changan's words made Wang Yongsan feel a little relieved. Although he didn't report the matter, on the other hand, Lei Bo and Yuan Bo were always working for him. The results of their research also belonged to him personally, so even if he didn't give it to the country, the country couldn't say anything.

Moreover, as Wang Yongsan said earlier, he didn't plan to keep the gene potion for himself forever. It was really because there were too many and chaotic families in Xihai now, and the system had issued a task for the leader of the martial arts alliance. Wang Yongsan wanted to use the gene potion to settle these two matters in order to complete the task and stabilize Xihai.

Wang Yongsan complained a few more times and received Zhu Changan's assurance of his freedom and safety before he finally felt at ease.

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan couldn't help but feel a little emotional. Sometimes leaders are too impatient for success, which makes their subordinates unwilling to work sincerely for them. But like Zhu Changan, who always considers his subordinates and gives them absolute power while also helping to bear the consequences when things go wrong, such leaders will have people willing to work tirelessly for them.

With Zhu Changan's words, Wang Yongsan had no more concerns. Originally, he only needed the agreement of 30 families to establish the martial arts alliance, but because so many people asked for the potion, Wang Yongsan ended up recruiting more than 50 families.


Chapter 537:
It must be known that the entire Lu Mountain region,  large and small,  contains a total of sixty-one aristocratic families.  Wang Yongsan has managed to capture almost all of them in one fell swoop.

A favorable day was chosen.

Wang Yongsan decided that on October 10th,  at 10:10 AM precisely,  he would announce the establishment of the Jianghu Alliance,  and then hold an election for the position of leader.

Time passed quickly.

In the blink of an eye,  October 10th arrived.

Wang Yongsan reserved the entire Western Wilderness Hotel and held the alliance's founding ceremony in its large conference room.

"Congratulations,  congratulations. "

"Congratulations to Director Wang on becoming the leader. "

"We will rely on Leader Wang for support in the future. "

Wang Yongsan had strength,  connections,  and even a source of gene potions.  All the aristocratic family heads who attended the founding ceremony greeted him with smiles.

Seeing so many aristocratic family heads flatter him,  Wang Yongsan felt somewhat complacent.

"The same to you,  please take a seat.  The ceremony will begin soon,  and I'll need your votes later. "

"Of course,  of course. "

"Leader Wang can rest assured. "

The atmosphere was filled with joy,  and by 10 o'clock,  Wang Yongsan stepped onto the stage.

Holding his pre-prepared speech,  Wang Yongsan said some grandiose words in a mock serious manner,  and the audience below cooperated by applauding.

If it were his past self,  Wang Yongsan might have scolded himself for engaging in formalism.

However,  today he was only filled with pride.

After all,  he was now the leader of the Jianghu Alliance; even if it were just for the sake of reputation,  completing this task would earn him a reward of 200 points in reckless behavior.

"I announce that the Jianghu Alliance is officially established today! "

As Wang Yongsan loudly declared,  a series of firecrackers went off in response.

Next came the election for the leader and two deputy leaders,  as well as nine alliance elders.

These matters had been agreed upon in advance: Wang Yongsan would be the leader,  the Guo and Qian families would serve as deputy leaders,  and for the nine alliance elders,  while the Hu family had secured their position through Wang Yongsan's connections,  the other eight families were mostly members of the Lu Mountain Ten Great Families.

There was one exception: the Qiao family.

After the voting concluded,  the scrutineer handed over the tallied list of candidates to an elder from one of the prominent families.

The elder announced,  "Now I declare that the nine alliance elders are: Zhao family head Zhao Wuheart,  Qu family head Qu Kuang,  Xu family head Xu Haoran,  Li family head... "

With each name announced,  the audience erupted into enthusiastic applause.

Suddenly,  Wang Yongsan realized that this scene resembled bureaucratic practices.

However,  upon further reflection,  as long as it contributed to social stability,  being bureaucratic was acceptable.  Otherwise,  if someone like the Qiao family gained power,  the entire Western Wilderness might be enveloped in smoke and chaos.

Next came the announcement of the two deputy leaders.

"I declare that the two deputy leaders are: Guo family third head Guo Heqi,  and Qian family head Qian Yongkuan. "

"Now for the leader's position. "

"After everyone's votes,  one person emerged with a decisive majority of 51 votes to become the first leader of our Lu Mountain Jianghu Alliance. "

"He is... Wang—Yong—San! "

"Congratulations to Leader Wang. "

Clap clap clap...

The audience erupted into enthusiastic applause.


Chapter 538:
“Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome our Alliance Leader Wang Mengzhang to the stage.”

The host elder was speaking when suddenly a loud shout interrupted him.

“Wait!”

Everyone followed the sound and looked over, sure enough, the person they expected had arrived.

Qiao Yuanhang brought the Great Elder and his brother Qiao Yuanchao, strutting in from the main entrance.

Facing Wang Yongsan, Qiao Yuanhang sternly questioned: “Alliance Leader Wang, our Qiao family is also one of the hidden families in Lu Shan. Why didn’t you inform us about the establishment of the Alliance, such a significant event? Could it be that in your eyes, our Qiao family, which is registered with the Lu Shan martial arts supervision department, doesn’t count as part of the Lu Shan martial world?”

Qiao Yuanhang’s words were quite heart-wrenching.

Whatever reason Wang Yongsan gave for not inviting them, whether it was personal or professional, Qiao Yuanhang would seize upon it.

However, Wang Yongsan’s response left the Qiao family and all the other families present dumbfounded.

There he stood, scratching his head with an innocent look, and casually replied: “I’m sorry about that, Alliance Leader Qiao. There were so many people who came forward to join the alliance voluntarily that I got caught up in it all and forgot about your family. My apologies, really sorry.”








Forgot?

This answer was too perfunctory, wasn’t it?

There were many families in Lu Shan, but the Qiao family was ranked third among them. How could they be forgotten while others weren’t?

It was clear that Wang Yongsan had deliberately done this.

However, even though everyone knew he did it on purpose, his answer was flawless.

After all, everyone has moments of forgetfulness, right?

“You, you, you…”

Qiao Yuanhang was furious.

His brother beside him, Qiao Yuanchao, said maliciously: “Brother, this guy is clearly trying to isolate us. We absolutely cannot let him become the alliance leader; otherwise, our Qiao family will be finished.”

“Of course I know that.”

Qiao Yuanhang glared at his brother. If it weren’t for him, the Qiao family wouldn’t have offended Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan looked at these two brothers like he was watching a clown act and smiled: “Alliance Leader Qiao, since this has already happened, why don’t you wait for us to finish the ceremony? As for your family joining the alliance, there will be plenty of time later.”

“Later?”

What Qiao Yuanhang wanted was not just a chance to join the alliance. With his family’s status, he actually aimed to compete for the position of alliance leader.

Even if he couldn’t become the leader, at least there should be a place for his family among the deputy leaders.

“Alliance Leader Wang…”

“Wait a moment.”

Wang Yongsan stopped him, cleared his throat twice, and said: “I’m sorry, I am now standing here as the alliance leader. Even if you don’t call me ‘Alliance Leader,’ at least don’t address me as your brother, okay? If someone who doesn’t know hears you trying to cozy up to me like this, it wouldn’t look good.”

Nima.

Cozy up to you? I want to pull you down from that position, okay!

Qiao Yuanhang’s nose was almost crooked with anger, but his address was indeed inappropriate. He changed it to: “Then can I call you ‘Alliance Leader Wang’?”

</div>


Chapter 539:
```
Wang Yongsan laughed and said, "Of course you can. However, as the saying goes, 'The seat determines the mind.' Since you call me Director Wang, our next topic should be related to the Road Reform Bureau. Don't stray from the subject, Lord Qiao."

Everyone on the stage laughed.

Qiao's reputation has always been bad. When facing small families, they are often rude and leave others speechless. Seeing Qiao Yuanxing being outmaneuvered by Wang Yongsan, many small families felt relieved from the bottom of their hearts.

Wang Yongsan was not just trying to show off his wit.

He wasn't that naive. The reason he kept outmaneuvering Qiao Yuanxing was to provoke him into losing his temper.

Today, he had already become the leader. This was just the beginning.

To manage these families effectively, Wang Yongsan couldn't rely solely on giving them gene potions as rewards. Otherwise, once they grew stronger, they would rebel again. There were too many ungrateful people in society, and Wang Yongsan didn't believe that these martial artists had any conscience.

Therefore, to manage these families well, he needed both rewards and punishments.

If he could establish his authority by targeting Qiao Yuanxing in front of everyone today, it would undoubtedly exert a great deterrent effect on others.

"Wang Yongsan, don't push your luck too far. You know why we came here, so tell me, did you become the leader just by talking?"

As a family head, Qiao Yuanxing had a temper and patience.

His fists were clenched tightly, wishing he could smash them into Wang Yongsan's face the next second. But first, he had to stand on solid ground.

If he wanted to make a scene in front of so many families, not to mention others, both Guan Hexiang and Qian Yongkuan wouldn't allow him to act recklessly.

"That's none of your business."

Wang Yongsan laughed and said, "I became the leader because all the family heads voted for me. Whether it's through words or fists, since everyone chose me, they recognized my abilities. As for you, Lord Qiao, are you done here? If not, please leave. You've disturbed us for quite some time now. That's very impolite of you."

"Improper? I have more improper things to do!"

Qiao Yuanxing finished his words and finally couldn't bear it anymore. He suddenly threw a punch forward.

A loud 'boom' echoed through the air.

This punch didn't hit Wang Yongsan, but it completely 'cleared' the area between them.

"Lord Qiao, what do you mean by this?"

Wang Yongsan asked rhetorically while his heart filled with cold laughter.

What he wanted was for Qiao Yuanxing to make the first move. Otherwise, as the leader, if he initiated a confrontation, it would be hard to explain.

Qiao Yuanxing said confidently, "What I mean is that your leadership hasn't been approved by our Qiao family, so it doesn't count."

"Oh? Do you think your Qiao family is so great that even the Guan and Qian families agreed to my leadership, along with many other family heads? Why do you say it doesn't count just because of you?"

Wang Yongsan was unyielding and retorted.

"Why?"

Qiao Yuanxing shouted, "Because we are martial artists! When choosing a leader among martial artists, how can it be the same as voting in society?"

```


Chapter 540:
"Then, how do you think it should be done?" Wang Yongsan cooperated.

Things were increasingly developing in the direction he had hoped for, and Qiao Yuanxing did not disappoint him either.

"I think that the leader of the martial arts world should be chosen through a fighting stage. I acknowledge the strength of the Guan and Qian families. They can be deputy leaders, but if you want to be the leader, you must defeat me. Otherwise, my Qiao family will never obey."

As soon as Qiao Yuanxing's words fell, the head of the Qian family stood up.

"Qiao Yuanxing, rules are made by people. We, the fifty or so families, all agree to elect the leader through voting. If your Qiao family disagrees, leave our Lu Shan martial arts alliance. If you want to challenge our leader, first pass the test of my Qian family."

Wang Yongsan didn't expect that Qian Yongkuan would openly stand on his side at this time.

But he didn't expect more. Not only Qian Yongkuan, but also Guan Heqi stood up and walked to Qian Yongkuan's side, saying, "I have the same idea as Qian family head. If you think it's unfair, you can choose a fair camp. Our Lu Shan martial arts alliance is such a rule."

"That's right, our Lu Shan martial arts alliance has its own rules."

"If the Qiao family disagrees, they can leave."

"Get out of here, you surnamed Qiao."

"Hurry up and get lost."

Under the leadership of Guan and Qian families, all the families began to scold the Qiao family.

The scene was about to degenerate into chaos.

Wang Yongsan felt a little moved, but after thinking about it, he calmed down.

Although he believed that there must be some people who were really righteous and regarded themselves as friends, because of the existence of genetic potions, there must also be a considerable number of people who were bound by their own interests.

No matter how others supported him, he should still do what he planned to do.

So amidst the noise of many people, Wang Yongsan walked out with firm steps from the crowd.








As Wang Yongsan stepped forward, the noisy voices around gradually subsided.

Wang Yongsan raised his hands and pressed them in the air, and the remaining voices gradually calmed down.

"Alliance members, brothers and sisters."

Wang Yongsan clasped his fists and first saluted the supporters around him in the martial arts world, then spoke righteously: "Although we will not change the election rules of Lu Shan martial arts alliance because of Qiao family's proposal, as everyone's leader, if I am challenged but dare not accept it, even if you elect me as the leader, I will not feel embarrassed to stand here anymore."

Wang Yongsan's words immediately caused a lot of discussion among the family heads below.

"What does it mean? Does he want to accept the challenge?"

"The opponent is Qiao Yuanxing, a master of the fifth level of breaking acupoints. He has four small realms higher than us!"

"And this is a small realm within the breaking acupoints realm. The gap between them is more than two or three times!"

"Don't forget, what kind of family is the Qiao family. Their strongest point lies in their martial arts equipment."

"Yes, I don't think the leader can win."

"I think he must have other meanings. Everyone, please be patient and listen to him carefully."

```


Chapter 541:
Even Ou Guan He Qi and Qian Yongkuan felt that Wang Yongsan was unlikely to accept Qiao Yuansheng's challenge.

Although they knew Wang Yongsan's strength better than others, Qiao Yuansheng was after all at the fifth level of breaking meridians, and the Qiao family had many mysterious artifacts. It was entirely possible to find a way to counter Wang Yongsan's fire-based mysterious techniques.

The Qiao family had been a prominent clan in Lu Mountain for hundreds of years; how could they lose so easily to Wang Yongsan, a young upstart?

Unless...

Wang Yongsan had obtained some incredible treasure from the state, which gave him the courage to confront the Qiao family head-on.

Ou Guan He Qi and Qian Yongkuan exchanged a glance, both thinking that Wang Yongsan must have some trump card up his sleeve, or he wouldn't be so reckless.

So they nodded at each other and decided to see what Wang Yongsan was up to.

"Wang Yongsan, what do you mean by that? Do you mean you're willing to accept my challenge?"

Qiao Yuansheng didn't believe Wang Yongsan would be so impulsive.

But the result left everyone except Ou Guan He Qi and Qian Yongkuan dumbfounded.

Wang Yongsan laughed and stood tall, saying, "You're wrong. I am the leader of the Lu Mountain Jianghu Alliance. What qualifications do you have to challenge me? I'm here today, as the leader of the alliance, to punish you for your unreasonable behavior."

"Punish me? Hahaha."

Qiao Yuansheng laughed in anger, then suddenly changed his expression and said coldly, "Very well, come at me then."

As soon as he finished speaking, a ball of white-golden flames appeared out of thin air in front of him.

"A minor trick."

Qiao Yuansheng had known about Wang Yongsan's fire control ability all along. With a flick of his right hand, he produced a fist-sized sphere.

"It's the Vacuum Jade Ball."

Someone who recognized it called out.

They saw Qiao Yuansheng hold the sphere in front of him, muttered something under his breath, and then shouted loudly, "Suck it in!"

The white-golden flames were directly absorbed into the sphere.

Qiao Yuansheng looked at the Vacuum Jade Ball in his hand, which contained the flames, and said with a mix of mockery and praise, "Your flame isn't bad; it can still burn in a vacuum."

Wang Yongsan frowned.

He could feel that his mental energy consumption had increased significantly after the flames were absorbed by the jade ball.

'Pop.'

Since he couldn't burn anyone, there was no point in keeping the flames burning.

Wang Yongsan withdrew his white-golden flames.

Qiao Yuansheng laughed and took a big step towards Wang Yongsan. He said triumphantly, "What's wrong? Are you already out of breath after just the beginning? I brought quite a few treasures today; don't disappoint me."

"Is that so? Then take a look at this!"

Wang Yongsan suddenly smiled and took out a piece of purple-glowing crystal from his pocket with his right hand.

"Soul Stealer."

A purple light shot into Qiao Yuansheng's mind instantly.

In an instant, Qiao Yuansheng was completely stunned.

"It's a mental attack-type mysterious artifact."

"Mental artifacts are all top-grade mysterious artifacts."

"No wonder Leader Wang dared to confront the Qiao family; he even has top-grade mysterious artifacts at his disposal."


Chapter 542:
In the crowd were some heads of prominent families,  though not all of them were wealthy,  but their knowledge was considerable.

At this moment,  seeing Wang Yongsan possess a top-tier spiritual attack Xuan weapon,  they all felt that Wang Yongsan had a sure victory.

However,

"That's not right,  this Xuan weapon was originally one of Qiao family's hidden treasures." Shangguan Heqi frowned and said.

"Although I don't know how Wang brother obtained this piece of Qiling Stone Sutra,  Qiao Yuanxing definitely won't be defeated so easily." Qian Yongkuan also felt anxious for Wang Yongsan.

What Wang Yongsan didn't know was that the Holy Lord Church and the Qiao family were actually birds of a feather.

This Qiling Crystal was something that people from the Qiao family had given away in a transaction with the Holy Lord Church.

At this moment,

Qiao Yuanxing was attacked by 'Lost Soul' and fell into a daze.  Wang Yongsan,  without hesitation,  punched out and the white gold flames in his eyes also ignited instantly.

'Boom.'

'Whoosh.'

A punch and a flame,  a double attack.

Even if the opponent was at the fifth level of breaking acupoints,  under this attack,  he would definitely be severely injured or even dying.

Unfortunately,  just as the fist was about to hit him,  Qiao Yuanxing suddenly woke up from his daze.

"Die for me!"

The internal energy of the fifth level of breaking acupoints burst out,  not only dispersing Wang Yongsan's internal energy,  but also continuing to attack forward,  as if it was going to hit Wang Yongsan's body.

'Swish swish.'

Wang Yongsan retreated and dodged,  narrowly avoiding this punch.  At the same time,  the white gold flames also finally condensed into shape.

This flame was slightly larger than before.

Qiao Yuanxing had been affected by the 'Lost Soul' earlier,  and did not immediately put it into the Vacuum Jade Pearl,  directly causing his upper body to be scorched.

"Bastard,  I'm going to kill you!"

As a top expert at the fifth level of breaking acupoints,  Qiao Yuanxing had never been humiliated like this.

He flipped his hands repeatedly and took out three items,  along with the Vacuum Jade Pearl,  and suspended them around his body.

"These four sets of equipment are absolute defense from the Qiao family?"

Absolute defense,  as the name suggests,  can defend against physical,  Xuan arts,  and spiritual attacks.

Qiao Yuanxing had been careless earlier and was almost burned to ashes by Wang Yongsan,  so he didn't dare to be careless and took out all his hidden treasures.

Defense,  with absolute defense; attack,  with the strength of breaking acupoints at the fifth level.

Qiao Yuanxing believed that he was already invincible.

"Boy,  I'm going to send you to your death!"

Qiao Yuanxing rushed forward again,  punching out continuously.

The internal energy released from his body exploded like a bomb at every turn,  forcing Wang Yongsan to flee desperately.

"Your grandma's,  there's actually such a thing as absolute defense,  how the hell do I deal with this?"

"It seems that I can only draw a superpower and try my luck."

Wang Yongsan used his cat's eye ability to dodge like a monkey while opening the points mall.








"Step back,  step back quickly."

"The Qiao family has gone mad and doesn't care about our lives anymore."

"It's better to hide first and talk later,  so as not to get blood on us."

```


Chapter 543:
```
Wang Yongsan darted back and forth, while Qiao Yuanxing pursued him with attacks. The scattered internal energy inevitably affected bystanders, and several family heads were left disheveled.

Although Wang Yongsan couldn't match Qiao Yuanxing in speed, he possessed the cat's eye ability.

Breaking acupoints differed from charging meridians; although Wang Yongsan was no match for his opponent, he had at least entered the realm of breaking acupoints. If he focused solely on escaping, with his cat's eye ability, it would be difficult for him to be caught.

"Youngster, where is your bravado now? All you can do is run away?" Qiao Yuanxing couldn't catch up, and he seethed with anger.

Wang Yongsan replied with a grin, "Don't be in such a hurry. Are you so impatient to die?"

"I can't wait for you to die."

"You may be disappointed because it is absolutely impossible for you to kill me."

As Wang Yongsan darted away, he even had the leisure to taunt Qiao Yuanxing.

Shangguan He and Qian Yongkuan initially intended to intervene in this battle. After all, they relied on Wang Yongsan's genetic evolution serum, and the relationship they had painstakingly cultivated might be ruined if Qiao Yuanxing killed him. However, seeing Wang Yongsan looking so lively and seemingly unharmed, they were left puzzled.

"What's going on?"

"Could it be that he has a hidden card?"

Wang Yongsan himself didn't know if he had any hidden cards.

Because his hidden card required drawing on the spot, whether or not he could draw a powerful card depended entirely on luck.

"Heavenly spirits protect, give me some superpowers, even just for the experience."

Wang Yongsan muttered to himself.

Although there were people like Qiao Yuanxing causing trouble, the alliance had already been established, and Wang Yongsan's status as the leader was announced.

The task required at least 30 families to be won over, and Wang Yongsan needed to hold the position of vice-leader at least. Both his completion rates exceeded the task requirements, so for this mission, he earned 300 points of death.

Adding to the daily eight points Wang Yongsan earned, over time he accumulated more than 140 points. In other words, Wang Yongsan now had a total of over 440 points.

If he used these points to improve his physique, they could help him reach the second level of breaking acupoints. However, against Qiao Yuanxing, reaching the second level of breaking acupoints wouldn't be particularly useful. Therefore, Wang Yongsan intended to use all these over 400 points of death to draw abilities, hoping he might find a way to defeat his opponent.

"Ding! Congratulations on obtaining the activated ability (permanent). Do you want to extract it immediately?"

"Hey, it's an activated ability. Not bad. Extract."

The first time he drew, it was a permanent ability, which made Wang Yongsan feel that his luck today should be good. However, in the next ten draws, he drew nothing but trash abilities.

"What the hell? Give me something useful, I'm being chased by someone who wants to kill me! If I die, you won't work either, right?"

Wang Yongsan secretly prayed to the system.

To his surprise, perhaps because the death system heard Wang Yongsan's plea, it actually gave him a powerful ability.

"Ding! Congratulations on obtaining the punitive superpower (one-day experience). Do you want to extract it immediately?"

Punitive?
```


Chapter 544:
```
Wang Yongsan had never heard of this ability before and couldn't understand what it meant, but since it was a superpower, it should be quite powerful.

Wang Yongsan quickly focused his attention on the extraction and, in the next moment, a brief introduction about the Punishment superpower appeared.

[Punishment: A divine punishment power originating from a higher plane, opposite to the Recovery superpower. Those punished will have their life force directly drained, and the amount of life force drained is linked to the amount of mental power expended.]

"Wow, it directly attacks life force."

What is life force?

While others might not know the exact numerical value, Wang Yongsan did.

His technique of looking at Qi allowed him to see not only a person's physique, intelligence, and energy but also their lifespan.

Wang Yongsan estimated that this lifespan should be the manifestation of life force data.

"Forget about it, just try it and see what happens!"

Wang Yongsan chose to extract immediately.

A strange feeling surged through his heart, and suddenly Wang Yongsan felt as if he had become the ruler of life and death.

His gaze became profound, and raising his finger, he pointed in the direction of Qiao Yuanxing far away, softly commanding: "Punishment."

'Swish.'

Invisible to the eye, it seemed as if a black lightning bolt descended from the sky.

And then everyone was astonished to discover that Qiao Yuanxing's face had suddenly aged significantly.

"What happened?"

"What just occurred?"

"Look, Qiao Yuanxing's wrinkles seem to have increased by several more."

Among the numerous family patriarchs, there were not a few who were experts at the Break Meridian realm with sharp eyes.

Although Qiao Yuanxing's appearance had changed slightly, it was still noticed by someone with keen observation.

"Kill! Kill! Kill! Die for me!"

Qiao Yuanxing, caught up in the moment, did not realize that his lifespan had been drained by someone else's punishment. Seeing Wang Yongsan stop and dodge, pointing at him to show off, he seized the opportunity and threw several heavy punches in succession.

However,

Wang Yongsan merely gave a disdainful sneer and, with a hint of arrogance, repeated the two words from before.

"Punishment."

'Swish.'

This time, Wang Yongsan used more mental power than before, and the intensity of the punishment was much greater.

As a Break Meridian expert, Qiao Yuanxing originally had eighty years of life left. The first punishment drained twenty years from him. With this increased intensity, it was almost enough to directly drain his life away.

Everyone was astonished to see Qiao Yuanxing's hair turn gray at an observable speed, falling out rapidly and in large amounts.

His face had more wrinkles.

His spine bent over.

And something that couldn't be seen on the surface but could be clearly felt was that his meridians aged severely, and his internal energy lost its vitality. The acupoints he had broken open also closed again due to the consumption of lifespan.

The internal energy Qiao Yuanxing gritted his teeth to unleash barely left his body before dissipating.

He still didn't know what had happened, and in surprise, he threw another punch, but this time he heard a 'crack' sound.

```


Chapter 545:
Because of the lack of vitality nourishment, the bones that were broken by his powerful swing actually shattered into several pieces.

“Aaaaaah…”

Qiao Yuanxing screamed in fear as he retreated, staring incredulously at his exposed old and wrinkled skin. He looked like a ghost.

The others, including Shangguan Hegu and Qian Yongkuan, as well as Qiao Yuangui and the others, were all petrified like they had been hit by a spell. They opened their mouths wide but couldn't utter a single word.

It was too strange, too terrifying. Just by opening his mouth and uttering two words, he had turned a Peak Perforation expert into a dying man.

At this moment, everyone's gaze towards Wang Yongsan was filled with fear.








“Impossible, what happened? Why am I like this?”

Qiao Yuanxing's eyes were filled with terror. As the person involved, he didn't connect his current situation to Wang Yongsan's actions. He thought he had been poisoned and turned into this state.

“Big Brother.”

Qiao Yuangui called out from a distance but didn't dare to approach. He was afraid that Wang Yongsan would take offense and punish him too.

Hearing his brother's shout, Qiao Yuanxing found a life-saving straw and crawled over to Qiao Yuangui, grabbing his hand and asking, “Second Brother, what's going on? What's wrong with me?”

“Big Brother, you should see for yourself.”

Qiao Yuangui had a mournful expression and took out his phone, using it as a mirror for Qiao Yuanxing.

Looking at himself in the mirror, Qiao Yuanxing was completely stunned.

“This isn't me, this isn't me, no, it must be you who did something.”

Qiao Yuanxing immediately turned his gaze to Wang Yongsan, pointing at him and shouting, “It must be you who poisoned me. Give me the antidote now, or I'll kill you!”

Everyone looked at him with pity. Even if a Perforation Realm martial artist wasn't immune to ordinary poisons, if they could harm them, it would be impossible for Wang Yongsan to poison him under his absolute defense.

It should be known that the four components of Absolute Defense not only defended against spiritual power, martial arts, and internal energy but also included a purification component. All poisonous gases and substances would be instantly purified under the purification component, making it impossible for them to harm Wang Yongsan.

However, precisely because of this, everyone was even more afraid of Wang Yongsan. He could easily turn Qiao Yuanxing into this old and haggard state under his absolute defense, showing how terrifying his methods were.

Wang Yongsan's eyes flashed with pity but quickly disappeared as he coldly snorted, “Qiao Yuanxing, you have done many evil deeds. This is the punishment from heaven for you!”

“Nonsense, I don't believe in heaven. It must be you who did something! Second Brother, Elder One, kill him for me!”

Qiao Yuanxing had gone insane. However, his Second Brother and Elder One hadn't lost their minds. No matter how much he shouted, they didn't dare to take a single step forward.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but shake his head. Originally, he had intended to kill Qiao Yuanxing directly, but at the last moment, he took pity on him and left him with a year to live. As they say, a dying person has a kind heart.


Chapter 546:
After all, breaking through the fifth layer of acupuncture is not easy. If Qiao Yuanxing could repent, perhaps within this year, Wang Yongsan could still draw a superpower to increase life force, and then he could be saved again.

However, it seems that Qiao Yuanxing not only shows no remorse but also has a strong aura of hostility.

Wang Yongsan doesn't want to waste his mental power killing him. Letting him live might be more torturous than killing him.

But...

Looking at the residents around him who were full of fear, Wang Yongsan felt that he had to come up with a way to fool them.

After all, excessive fear might turn into terror. And for things they are afraid of, ordinary people usually want them to disappear.

"Uh... everyone may not know what happened just now, right?"

Wang Yongsan made up a story in his heart while slowly asking the residents.

Everyone stared at him without blinking.

The punishment just now far exceeded their understanding. Even among the family leaders, several of them who practiced mystic arts couldn't figure out what happened.

Wang Yongsan cleared his throat and began to explain, "Actually, what I used just now was a kind of faith power."

"What is faith power? It's actually the power of belief. Since someone believes in me, they give me their faith power. The more people believe in me, the stronger the faith power becomes."

"Everyone knows that I am the director of the Dao Reform Bureau, so the people who believe in me are those with a sense of justice. The power they give me is the power of righteous faith, specifically to suppress those with evil intentions. As for why Qiao Family Leader ended up like this, it's because he was too evil, so he suffered such severe damage."

"Alright, my explanation is over. Can everyone understand?"

Yes, yes, yes.

Although Wang Yongsan's explanation was quite mysterious, it seemed that there was no other way to explain what happened just now.

Pointing at someone and saying "punishment" instantly made them old and near death; this was something mythical in nature. So, using a mythical explanation seemed appropriate.

- That's why he established the Laogai Bureau; it was to continue accumulating righteous faith.
- It seems we have to be honest from now on; if we do evil, a single word from him might destroy us.

The fear towards Wang Yongsan turned into fear of doing evil among those present.

Wang Yongsan didn't expect that his fabricated explanation would significantly improve the overall moral standards of the families in Western Wilderness.

It's not that these family leaders are too naive; it's just that when it comes to their own lives, they would rather believe something unbelievable than not believe it.

In short, the punishment, which was completely illogical, was explained in a high-class manner by Wang Yongsan and forced its way through.

Next, Wang Yongsan used the permanent activation he just drew to heal several family leaders who were mistakenly injured by Qiao Yuanxing.

The miraculous healing method once again opened everyone's eyes, and Wang Yongsan's statement that it was all due to faith power—that those who do more good deeds are easier to heal—further reinforced everyone's determination to be virtuous.


Chapter 547:
Even many people on the spot expressed that they would follow Wang Mengzhu together to do good deeds for society.

Wang Yongsan expressed on the spot that he would give them a chance in the future.

Moreover, this opportunity came soon.

The next day.

Wang Yongsan had just woken up from the temporary bed in the Dao Gai Bureau dormitory, and received a call from Lin Sisi.

"Hello, classmate Lin."

"Yongsan, have you gotten up?"

"Uh-huh, just got up. What's wrong? Is there anything?"

Wang Yongsan was very strange, Lin Sisi had not called herself actively for a long time. Sometimes it was Luo Yusha who called himself, and she would bring greetings for herself.

Lin Sisi's tone was a little excited, but she obviously controlled herself and tried to speak in a calm tone: "It's like this, I heard that you have been worried about spending money recently. You don't know which aspect of public welfare to invest in, right?"

Wang Yongsan slightly frowned.

Since the last "bribery" incident and the compensation from Xingqi Bank, Wang Yongsan had been considering how to spend that 80 million. He was indeed planning to invest all this money in public welfare.

But the problem is,

Wang Yongsan only told a few people around him about this matter. He didn't even discuss it with Luo Yusha and his parents, Wang Ma. How did Lin Sisi know about it?

To think that Lin Sisi had been at school recently. Could there be someone else secretly observing himself?








Wang Yongsan is not afraid that Lin Sisi will harm himself. What he fears is that Lin Sisi will be used by someone with ulterior motives.

Everyone has their own greed, and Lin Sisi's greed should be her possessiveness towards Wang Yongsan. As long as there is greed, it is easy to be used by others.

"Classmate Lin, who told you about this?" Wang Yongsan asked sternly.

This attitude of his is also for Lin Sisi to realize the danger and be good for her.

Lin Sisi was startled by Wang Yongsan's tone and quickly explained, "Yongsan, don't be angry. Actually... Su Ming is my cousin."

What?

The world is too small, isn't it?

Wang Yongsan didn't expect that the dog leg he picked up randomly would actually be Lin Sisi's cousin.

"By the way, classmate Lin, your hometown wouldn't be Xixuang, would it?" Wang Yongsan suddenly asked with emotion.

Lin Sisi gave him an affirmative answer.

"Yes, my family is in Xixuang, Nanzhuang Linjiatun."

Wang Yongsan patted his forehead.

Nanzhuang Linjiatun, in Xixuang, can also be regarded as one of the poorest places.

I always heard people say that Lin Sisi's family is poor, but Wang Yongsan didn't have that concept. Now that he has been in Xixuang for a long time, Wang Yongsan knows what Lin Sisi's family economic situation is like.

Now thinking about it, how much trouble did Wang Hao bring to Lin Sisi at that time? Let this girl with such a poor family background actually have to squeeze out more than 1,000 yuan every month to rent a house. No wonder she wanted to find someone to share the rent.

"Okay, classmate Lin, what do you think? You wouldn't want me to use the money from Dao Gai Bureau to help your hometown, right? Although I don't have any opinions about it, I should say it first. I can only give your hometown a little investment. After all, Xixuang is so big, and there are still many poor villages."


Chapter 548:
```
Wang Yongsan thought Lin Sisi was there to pull some strings.

Anyway, helping anyone is still helping, and Wang Yongsan didn't mind helping Lin Sisi's village.

However, in his position, many people were watching him closely, so even if he helped, he couldn't be too biased; otherwise, it would be better not to help at all.

"Classmate Wang, you've misunderstood me. What I actually meant was that since it's almost time for the holidays, I can go back early and help you consider things. After all, I'm from the Western Wilderness, so I understand the difficulties there better."

Lin Sisi spoke sincerely.

But Wang Yongsan sensed something off from her words.

Almost time for the holidays?

It was only mid-October, and it was still a long way off from the winter break.

"Classmate Lin, why don't we forget it? I'm not in a hurry." Wang Yongsan declined subtly.

He didn't dare to accept Lin Sisi's feelings, and since she wanted to come back early this time, it was likely that she intended to be close to him. Wang Yongsan wasn't indecisive, so he wouldn't give her such an opportunity.

On the phone, Lin Sisi hesitated for a moment before suddenly breaking into sobs.

Wang Yongsan became anxious and quickly asked, "Classmate Lin, what's wrong? I really am not in a hurry. I didn't say that I wouldn't let you help, either. It was just that I wanted to wait until after the holidays, okay? Don't cry."

"Classmate Wang, actually, I came to you with selfish intentions." Lin Sisi sobbed as she spoke.

Wang Yongsan thought, "I know you have selfish intentions; it's obvious. But I really can't be with you."

However, Lin Sisi's next words made Wang Yongsan want to find a hole to hide in.

Lin Sisi cried, "I received a call from my family last night saying that my mother is sick and has a tumor. The surgery and subsequent treatment might cost tens of thousands, and there's no guarantee that she can be cured.

I didn't want you to know about my difficulties, but I also didn't want my mother to lose hope. Coincidentally, Su Ming Ge knew that you and I were from the same school, so he told me about your intention to do charity work.

So I thought of using my relationship with you to make you use the money for medical assistance to poor families, then I could let my mother apply for help through normal channels, and you wouldn't know about our family situation.

Classmate Wang, am I selfish? Am I vain?

I know that someone like me doesn't deserve you, but I hope you can help me. As long as my mother is cured, I promise not to bother you again."

What the hell?

Other people would promise to be at your side forever, but Lin Sisi was promising not to bother him again.

But this was exactly what Wang Yongsan wanted, and as he had said earlier, helping anyone is still helping. Since Lin Sisi's family really was in trouble, he wouldn't refuse because of gossip.

"Classmate Lin, don't worry. If it's just a matter of money, then it's not a problem."

Wang Yongsan had originally wanted to mention using the activation, but he had only used it to chat with injured people before and hadn't tried using it to treat illnesses.

If he gave someone hope but then found out that they couldn't be cured, it would only make them more miserable. Therefore, Wang Yongsan didn't say anything more.

"Thank you, thank you so much, Classmate Wang!"

"You're welcome; it's what I should do. Take your mother to see a doctor first, and I'll transfer the money to you right away. When I have time, I'll go visit your mother too."
```


Chapter 549:
After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan's mood became somewhat heavy.

With Lin Sisi having someone to help her, her mother might be fine, but in this world, there are many families like Lin Sisi's, who are clearly in a desperate situation but cannot find anyone to ask for help.

Wang Yongsan remembered that a celebrity once said that the greater one's abilities, the greater their social responsibilities will be accordingly.

Although many people in society only care about their own enjoyment, and even those with wealth and power would oppress the common people at the bottom, there are also many kind-hearted individuals.

A teacher who does not teach their students the correct knowledge has no right to be respected.

An employer who does not pay their workers or provide benefits has no right to ask them to work.

Similarly, Wang Yongsan's reputation has now reached a staggering 30 million followers. With so many people supporting him, if he doesn't do something commendable, he will feel guilty in his heart.

"Hello, Xiaosu?"

"It's me. Boss, you haven't contacted me for several days. I thought you had forgotten about me."

On the phone, Su Ming spoke flatteringly.

Wang Yongsan pretended to be unhappy and said, "Hmph, you went around telling people about my affairs without my permission. If one day I get sold out by you and don't even know it, how can I dare to contact you?"

Su Ming knew it was about Lin Sisi's matter and quickly acted pitifully to explain, "Oh boss, if you say it like that, it'll break my heart. I was just trying to help you, you know. You don't know how beautiful my cousin sister is, and she's great in other aspects too..."

"Enough already!"

Wang Yongsan interrupted him and said, "Stop talking about your cousin sister. I have a girlfriend. You should stop meddling in this matter from now on."

"Yes, yes, then what do you need me for, boss?" Su Ming asked.

Wang Yongsan took a deep breath and said, "I'm calling you this time to discuss something about charity. I have been living a sheltered life since childhood, and apart from being bullied, I haven't experienced much hardship in the world. Since you are familiar with Xihai, can you tell me about the difficulties faced by the poor?"








This phone call from Wang Yongsan lasted almost half an hour.

As a famous poverty-stricken city in Lu Shan Province, Xihai has many backward aspects.

As Su Ming spoke more, he couldn't help but sigh.

"The people in Xihai are stubborn and difficult to deal with, and the gap between the rich and the poor is huge. Basically, everywhere there are exploiters and those being exploited. Among them, the Zhou family was the biggest exploiter."

"Although the Zhou family has been eliminated by you, there are still many existences like them in Xihai, just much smaller in scale."

"Moreover, due to the leaders' incompetence, the environment in Xihai is severely polluted, public welfare is lacking, and social aid does not exist at all. Even the law enforcement is ineffective."

What Su Ming said were urgent issues that needed to be addressed, but they were definitely not something that could be solved by the Department of Moral Reform alone.

After all, the Department of Moral Reform is only responsible for regulating people's morality and promoting the legalization of human transformation. Solving social problems is the responsibility of government leaders.

Wang Yongsan frowned.

He originally thought that doing charity work would involve helping poor children with their studies or providing some subsidies to the elderly who have lost their families.

However, after hearing Su Ming's words, he realized that the situation was much more complicated than he had imagined.

[Note: The 







Chapter 550:
```
I never imagined that there were so many intricacies involved in doing charity work.

He only had eighty million, which seemed like a lot, but if he were to do all the things that Su Ming mentioned, then even ten times that amount might not be enough.

"Alright, I understand now. Let's talk more later."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan thought for a long time before finally letting out a sigh of relief.

"Charity work can't be done in just one day. With eighty million, I'll do what I can with that amount. As long as I set a good example and do a good job of publicizing it, more people will naturally join in later."

With his concerns alleviated, Wang Yongsan immediately began to take action.

He first found someone on the website to join a charity section, and because Lin Sisi had called before, Wang Yongsan decided to make the first type of charity content focused on major illness treatment.

The traffic on the website of the Department of Road Improvement was quite high, and when a charity section suddenly appeared—although it wasn't very prominent—it was quickly discovered by people.

- Huh, the Department of Road Improvement is going to do charity work now?

- Because funds are limited, they're only doing major illness treatment for the time being?

- Why is there no donation channel?

- Social charity is everyone's responsibility. We also want to do our part.

- Idiots, how many charity organizations these days are just using good deeds as a front for their own interests? And yet, there are still people rushing to donate. I can only say that intelligence is a wonderful thing.

- The person upstairs is right. Intelligence is indeed a wonderful thing, but unfortunately the person above doesn't have it.

Social charity has indeed had some scandals, and many people don't believe in donating for understandable reasons.

However, the reputation of the Department of Road Improvement is relatively well-received by the public, so even though there were quite a few people saying that donating was like throwing money down the drain, there were still many people advocating for the opening of donation channels.

At this time, a special post suddenly appeared.

Lin Sisi's mother had already started her surgery, using money from the charity gene pool of the Department of Road Improvement.

Someone with ill intentions seized this opportunity and fabricated some misleading statements, spreading them on the internet.

"The Director of Road Improvement uses his power for personal gain; doing charity is actually to treat his girlfriend's mother."

"The facade falls apart; it turns out all the good deeds of Road Improvement were just an illusion."

"All charity is about deceiving the kind-hearted to accumulate wealth; it's truly the greatest evil in society."

"Revealing the true face of the shameless thief."

In an instant, the topic about Wang Yongsan using public funds for personal matters was quickly hyped up.

On the official website of Road Improvement, all the work done had video evidence, including Lin Sisi's mother's current condition and medical records, which were all displayed in the public supervision section of the charity column.

Many people who knew about Road Improvement naturally understood that what Wang Yongsan did was reasonable.

However, many people live up to their reputation as "onlookers"; they were too lazy to seek the truth and simply believed whatever others said, following along and maliciously cursing behind their backs.

At the same time.

After some hesitation, Wang Yongsan thought he should go and visit Lin Sisi's mother.

Although he didn't want to be with Lin Sisi, they were still classmates, and quite good ones at that. Since her mother was seriously ill and he wasn't far away, it would be difficult to explain if he didn't go see her.

"Hello nurse, where is Ms. Xia Qiuyue's room?"
```


Chapter 551:
“Ah ah, are you Director Wang?”

The nurse turned around and found that the person talking to her was Wang Yongsan, and she immediately exclaimed in surprise.

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and blushed with embarrassment as he said, “It's me. May I ask if Xia Qiumei is staying here?”

The nurse was almost too happy to stand up.

This was Director Wang, not just from Xihai but the entire Huaxia, the most popular person this year, without exception. Such a celebrity was standing right in front of her and even addressing her directly.

My goodness!

The young nurse took several deep breaths before she could respond with enthusiasm, “Director Wang, Xia Qiumei is staying on this floor. Let me take you to her.”

“That would be much appreciated,” Wang Yongsan said politely.

“It's no trouble at all; it's my duty,” the nurse said happily as she walked ahead, glancing back every few steps to make sure Wang Yongsan was following her.

The nurse's sudden exclamation alerted others to the presence of Wang Yongsan.

Some people were whispering among themselves.

“Look, it's Director Wang!”

“He has indeed come here.”

“It seems the website was right; he is abusing his power for personal gain.”

“Are you stupid? Even if you haven't seen the video on the Transportation Reform Bureau's website, haven't you heard about his mother-in-law's condition?”

“Exactly. If a case like this cannot receive assistance, then what kind of cases can?”

Everyone in the hospital knew about Lin Shicci's mother's condition.

The nurse who had made a casual remark earlier realized her mistake after being criticized by others and understood that she was the one who had been foolish.

At this moment, Wang Yongsan had arrived at Lin Shicci's mother's ward.

The young nurse opened the door and stepped inside first, smiling as she introduced to those inside, “Aunt Xia, someone has come to see you.”

Inside the ward, there were only Lin Shicci and her parents.

Lin Dad was in his fifties, dressed like a typical farmer with tanned skin and cracked hands.

Lin Mom's complexion was much better, but she looked older than her peers, though it wasn't clear if this was due to the disease or prolonged poverty.

Wang Yongsan entered, placed the gifts he brought on the floor, and greeted them with a bow, “Uncle, Aunt.”

Before Lin Dad and Lin Mom could respond, Lin Shicci stood up abruptly and asked Wang Yongsan with concern, “Why are you here?”

Wang Yongsan was surprised and said, “I came to see how your mother is doing. Why? Can't I come here?”

Lin Shicci worriedly said, “Fool, haven't you been online? Nowadays, everyone is saying that you are abusing your power for personal gain because of me and that the charity foundation was established because of me. If you come to the hospital now, aren't you giving others a chance to slander you?”

Wang Yongsan hadn't been online today, and upon hearing this, he frowned slightly.








Before Wang Yongsan could react, Lin Shicci had already stepped forward and urged him, “Please leave here quickly. It will be troublesome if someone sees you.”

Wang Yongsan stood still, and Lin Dad and Lin Mom were also advising Lin Shicci to calm down.


Chapter 552:
The young nurse, who had finally managed to get close to Director Wang, was a bit unhappy when she saw Lin Sisi trying to chase people away. She stopped her and said, "Hey hey hey, why are you like this? Director Wang came to visit your mother out of kindness. She doesn't mind what others might say, so why are you being so nervous?"

"What are you talking about?" Lin Sisi exclaimed in annoyance. "I'm just an ordinary person; why would I be nervous? I'm doing this for his sake."

She then turned to Wang Yongsan and said, "There are rumors about you all over the internet right now. Fortunately, many people support you, so the public opinion is still on your side for now. But if word gets out that you came to see me, someone might exploit it excessively, and it could severely damage your reputation."

"Yongsan, you should leave for now. My mother's surgery went smoothly. I'll properly thank you another day, okay?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head. He hadn't checked the news, but he had already inferred from Lin Sisi's words what was happening. Every time something happened to him, someone would stir up trouble.

Wang Yongsan didn't mind people stirring up rumors about him because those people must have had some conflict with him, like the Blood Skull Gang or Star Banner Bank. Even some people who had been dealt with by the Department of Reform might be involved.

What really angered Wang Yongsan was that some bystanders, who knew nothing about the situation, would blindly follow along and become cannon fodder for others to incite. Wang Yongsan had been working tirelessly for society, not seeking universal praise but at least not wanting to be maliciously slandered.

Therefore, he didn't want to hide this time but instead wanted to confront these mindlessly barking idiots head-on.

Wang Yongsan suddenly smiled and said to Lin Sisi, "Lin, you said you were a country girl. Why are you worried about the barking of some vicious dogs?"

Lin Sisi sighed and replied, "Why would I care what others say? I'm worried about you. You've finally established a good image, and I don't want it to be ruined because of me."

"It won't be," Wang Yongsan said confidently. "The pure will remain pure, and the impure will stay so. I act with integrity, and those with discerning eyes won't be swayed by rumors. As for those who enjoy chaos and don't mind causing trouble, it's time to teach them a lesson."

"A lesson?" Lin Sisi was puzzled by Wang Yongsan's thoughts. The situation had already escalated to this point, and instead of trying to calm the public opinion and save himself first, he was thinking about teaching others a lesson?

Unlike Lin Sisi's reaction, the young nurse beside her was Wang Yongsan's biggest fan. Hearing his words, she became excited and said with sparkling eyes, "Director Wang, are you planning another operation? Are you going to arrest someone this time?"

Wang Yongsan smiled at her, almost making her lose her mind. Then he said, "I'm not arresting anyone this time. There will definitely be many people causing trouble, and it might be impossible to arrest them all. I'm going to give them a new surprise, so they know that causing trouble blindly will also have consequences."

"Wow, Director Wang, you're amazing!" The young nurse blushed and exclaimed.

"Really?" Wang Yongsan scratched his head.


Chapter 553:
```
Before I even say what to do,  I'm already praised for being amazing. Could this be the legendary blind fan?
However,  to be honest,  blind fans are much cuter than those fence-sitting fans.
"Classmate Wang,  what do you plan to do? " Lin Shishi asked.
Wang Yongsan shook his head:  "Don't worry,  let me think it over first. "
At this time,  many people are involved,  and once successful,  it may affect the whole society. It must be carefully considered.
Moreover,  there must be support from the temple.
However,  at present,  Wang Yongsan came to visit the sick,  so he was not in a hurry to deal with these public affairs.
"Auntie,  how is your body? " Wang Yongsan sat down beside Lin Ma's bed.
At this time,  Lin Ma was very weak. Although she tried to laugh happily,  she could not hide her sickly face.
"It's okay. The surgery went smoothly,  but I still need several chemotherapy sessions afterwards. The doctor said there should be a good chance. "
Should?
Opportunity?
How can this make people feel so unsettled?
Looking at the expressions of Lin Dad and Lin Shishi,  Wang Yongsan knew that Lin Ma's condition must not be ideal.
However,  Wang Yongsan used Qi Gong to see Lin Ma,  and the other party's life span should be more than 20 years old. It doesn't look like someone who is about to die.
"Auntie,  where is your illness? "
"In the uterus,  it has been removed. "
"Oh,  can you let me see it? "
Seeing the three members of the Lin family looking at him with puzzled expressions,  Wang Yongsan had to cough awkwardly and explain:  "Actually,  I know a little bit about Qi Gong. I dare not say curing diseases and saving people,  but at least I can help you heal the surgical wound faster. "
"Qi Gong? "
The Lin family was stunned.
Especially Lin Shishi,  she never thought that Wang Yongsan,  as a college student,  would actually believe in such things.
However,  Wang Yongsan was well-intentioned. Lin Dad and Lin Ma looked at each other and decided to meet his requirements.
"Shishi,  pull the curtain down,  and you go outside for a while to breathe some fresh air. " Lin Ma said.
Her surgical location was a bit private. Although for many people it wasn't much,  for her as an old woman from the countryside,  she felt a little shy.
Lin Shishi hesitated for a moment and pulled the curtain around the bed.
Lin Dad also left the ward to breathe some fresh air outside.
Lin Ma lifted her hospital gown,  and there was a ten-centimeter long scar on her abdomen,  bloody and painful to look at.
Wang Yongsan reached out and pressed above the scar.
Lin Ma wanted to remind him to be gentle,  but she felt embarrassed to speak. She thought that when Wang Yongsan's hand really pressed on her wound,  she would feel a sharp pain,  but when Wang Yongsan's hand pressed on her wound,  she only felt a warm and comfortable feeling coming,  and she didn't feel any pain from the wound being touched.
As time went on,  not only the wound area,  but also Lin Ma's whole body gradually became hot.
"Ooh~"
The extreme comfort made Lin Ma couldn't help but let out a low moan that made people blush.
This feeling is really wonderful,  it's like the whole person is soaked in hot spring water,  and there are many small fish around constantly nibbling at the surface of dead skin,  both warm and comfortable.
```


Chapter 554:
Outside the curtain, Lin Shi Shi had no idea what was happening inside.

However, upon hearing her mother make such a sound, she couldn't help but think the worst.

"It's impossible; Wang isn't that kind of person, I must believe him."

"But if not, why would she make such a sound?"

"What exactly is happening in there?!"




Chapter 244: Going Against Each Other

Lin Shi Shi was on the verge of an existential crisis; one part 

of her insisted she must believe Wang Yong San, while the other was deeply troubled by her mother's strange cries.

After much hesitation, Lin Shi Shi finally took a deep breath and opened the curtain that separated her from the bed.

She peeked through the gap in the curtain, trying to see what was happening inside.

When she saw where Wang Yong San's hand was placed, her face turned red first, then immediately followed by a look of surprise as she opened her mouth.

"This... what is this?!"

She saw that where Wang Yong San's hand was placed, the color of the flesh around the wound was fading at a visible speed. The original ten centimeter long cut had already shrunk by at least two or more centimeters.

Such a treatment method was something she had never seen before, nor even heard of.

"This is incredible!"

Lin Shi Shi stared fixedly at her mother's abdominal wound healing, completely ignoring the sounds coming from her ears.

After a long time, her attention shifted to Wang Yong San who was concentrating on healing her mother.

When a man is focused on his work, that level of concentration is undoubtedly the most attractive. At this moment, Wang Yong San was nothing short of perfect in Lin Shi Shi's eyes.

"Unfortunately, he will never be mine."

Unbeknownst to her, tears began to fall from her eyes.

From the moment she was born until now, Lin Shi Shi had never wanted something so badly before. But this time, the one thing she most desired was also the one thing she could never have.

Wang Yong San had known that Lin Shi Shi was spying on him from the start. However, since what he was doing was above board, there was no need for him to hide anything.

When he heard the sound of tears hitting the ground, he turned around and saw Lin Shi Shi with tear-filled eyes.

"Lin Shi Shi, why are you crying?"

Wang Yong San withdrew his healing hand.

Lin Shi Shi quickly wiped away her tears and tried to appear calm, saying: "It's nothing; seeing Mom recover makes me happy."

"Oh?"

Wang Yong San was skeptical.

At this moment, Lin Shi Shi's mother also came to from her blissful state and looked at the wound that had healed by half, exclaiming in surprise.

"My goodness! It's actually healed so much?!"

Hearing his wife's exclamation, Lin Shi Shi's father rushed in from outside and saw the extent of her healing. Tears welled up in his eyes with excitement.

"Thank you, thank you so much Wang Jian Zhi! This way Qiu Mei won't have to suffer too much. Thank you so much!"

Wang Yong San quickly waved his hand: "Auntie, Uncle, there's no need to be so polite. Lin Shi Shi and I are friends; she took care of me at school, so this is just returning a favor. However, my cultivation level is limited; I can only heal her up to this point today. I'll come again tomorrow and try to fully heal Auntie's wound then."

In truth, Wang Yong San could easily fully heal Lin Shi Shi's mother's wound with just his activation.

(Note: "Chosing a Son-in-law From a List" is a marriage tradition from the Song Dynasty, where on a fixed day, wealthy families from various places would all come out to compete in presenting their candidates as sons-in-law.)

(Note: "Dramatic and Chaotic Situation" is a term used to describe a situation that is both intense and chaotic.)

(Note: "Nascent Soul" is a term used in Daoist cultivation literature to refer to the initial stage of spiritual enlightenment and cultivation.)

(Note: "Younger Brother" refers to a younger male sibling in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Mother" refers to the female parent in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Father" refers to the male parent in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Husband" refers to a married male partner in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Wife" refers to a married female partner in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Son" refers to a male offspring in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Daughter" refers to a female offspring in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Brother" refers to a male sibling in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Sister" refers to a female sibling in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Uncle" refers to the brother of one's parent or a male relative closely related by marriage in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Aunt" refers to the sister of one's parent or a female relative closely related by marriage in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Cousin" refers to the child of one's aunt or uncle in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Grandfather" refers to the father of one's parent in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Grandmother" refers to the mother of one's parent in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Grandson" refers to the son of one's child in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Granddaughter" refers to the daughter of one's child in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Nephew" refers to the son of one's sibling in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Niece" refers to the daughter of one's sibling in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Sister-in-law" refers to the wife of one's sibling in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Brother-in-law" refers to the husband of one's sibling in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Mother-in-law" refers to the mother of one's spouse in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Father-in-law" refers to the father of one's spouse in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Daughter-in-law" refers to the wife of one's son in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Son-in-law" refers to the husband of one's daughter in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Granduncle" refers to the brother of one's grandparent in Chinese culture.)

(Note: "Grandaunt" refers to the sister of one'


Chapter 555:
The reason why it is so troublesome is because Wang Yongsan was trying to use activation to completely solve Lin Ma's worries.

After the experiment, Wang Yongsan found that the ability to activate had a miraculous effect on injury recovery, but it was not very effective in treatment. To completely cure Lin Ma's illness, he might need to activate at least five or six times.

This is also after Lin Ma had surgery and the tumor was removed. Otherwise, it might not be possible to cure her at all.

"Thank you, thank you Wang Director."

"You're really welcome. If there's nothing else, I'll go back first. Auntie, please rest well. I'll come to see you tomorrow."

Wang Yongsan had consumed a lot of his spiritual power and needed to rest first.

Lin Dad and Lin Shishi stood up to see him off.

Lin Ma, lying on the hospital bed, said, "Shishi, my body has gotten much better. You can let your dad stay here with me. You go back and rest first."

When she said to go back and rest, Lin Ma actually meant for Shishi to cultivate her relationship with Wang Yongsan.

As a mother, she knew her daughter best. Lin Ma could see that her daughter liked Wang Yongsan. She was using her actions to encourage her daughter to pursue her own love.

"No, I'm not tired." Lin Shishi shook her head.

She had said that after Wang Yongsan helped her this time, she would no longer pester him.

Although she had been proactive, after all, she still had some female restraint. Since she had already said it out loud, she would try her best to fulfill it.

But unexpectedly, Wang Yongsan suddenly said, "Lin classmate, if you're not tired, why don't you help me with something?"

"Hmm? What is it?" Lin Shishi asked, looking up.

Wang Yongsan smiled slightly: "Last time you said you wanted to help me with charity work. I happen to be short of an ambassador, so I wonder if you're interested?"

"Let me be the ambassador?"

Lin Shishi's heart was beating faster, and she couldn't believe it was true.

The thing she had begged for before, but now Wang Yongsan brought it up on his own initiative.

Wang Yongsan nodded: "It's you. You have a good image, and you are the first beneficiary after the DoAoBureau did charity work. It's completely suitable for you to be an ambassador."

"But, won't people say anything?" Lin Shishi still had some concerns.

Wang Yongsan said domineeringly: "Let them say it! I want them to have topics to talk about, and then sew their mouths shut all at once."

For the follow-up events on the internet, Wang Yongsan already had some initial ideas.

He is not afraid of more people following the trend now, but rather worried that some people would want to stir up trouble but have no topics.

Lin Shishi could not pester Wang Yongsan, but since Wang Yongsan invited her this time, she had no reason to refuse.

"Okay, I agree."

"Then you'll come back with me today. I'll find a good advertising company for you and make a charity video for you to put on the internet."

"I'll listen to you."

Lin Shishi was like a little wifey.

Although this does not mean that Wang Yongsan accepted her, at least the two of them had a working relationship. They might have more opportunities to meet in the future. For her current situation, being able to get closer to Wang Yongsan is already a good result.


Chapter 556:
Back at the Dao Reform Bureau, Wang Yongsan first arranged for a team leader to take Lin Sisi to the advertising company.

Then he dialed Zhu Changan's phone number.

"Hello, Old Master Zhu, I have an idea that I want to discuss with you."

"Yes, it's about moral issues."

"My idea is like this..."

Wang Yongsan talked for a long time before saying to Zhu Changan, "I think this matter will definitely impose great constraints on the morality of society at the beginning, but I'm not sure if the officials will agree."

Zhu Changan laughed and said calmly as always, "Your idea is very good. Give me one day, and I will persuade them."

"Thank you for your support, Old Master Zhu." Wang Yongsan smiled.

"You're welcome."

Zhu Changan said, "I still say the same thing. As long as you are right, just do it. I will handle the rest."

In every word of this sentence, there was trust and support for Wang Yongsan.








The news of Wang Yongsan hiring Lin Sisi as a public welfare ambassador quickly spread, just as he expected. When the news came out, it immediately attracted attention from all walks of life.

Some people thought that the official website of the Dao Reform Bureau was right, and there was nothing wrong with Lin Sisi being a public welfare ambassador as a beneficiary of public welfare.

But there were also people who deliberately slandered the Dao Reform Bureau, saying that Wang Yongsan was appointing people based on personal relationships and finding excuses to pay wages to his mistress.

The internet was in chaos.

At this time, a piece of information suddenly appeared on various websites as the headline news, which was issued by an official document in red.

"Announcement on Establishing National Moral Archives and Implementation Time"

Although the headline news has the highest exposure, sometimes if the content is not intense enough, few people will click on it.

This time, looking at the title, it seemed to be an official document, so many people didn't even bother to look at it.

But not everyone ignores it; there are always some people who will click and take a look.

"I thought it was some garbage news, but it turns out to be related to the Dao Reform Bureau."

"National Moral Archives? Does this mean that the Dao Reform Bureau is going to expand nationwide?"

"Now the Dao Reform Bureau is really powerful."

After these people read it, they began to tell others around them about the news content.

As a result, later on, it spread from one to ten and from ten to a hundred. Soon this headline news that was originally ignored by everyone became a hot news with millions of clicks.

-My God, morality is finally legislated.

-The moral archives record the moral behavior of every civilian. Those who perform good deeds will be rewarded, and those with unscrupulous behavior will be punished. This is fair.

-In the future, no matter what you do, your personal moral archives will be referred to. Even if you want to find a decent job, you must have good moral character.

-Moreover, some social welfare benefits will also be enjoyed according to the level of morality.

-People with good moral character can enjoy all social welfare benefits, while those without principles will have to pay more for train tickets.

-Public welfare assistance and social security will be given priority to those with good moral character, while those without principles can go as far away from the sun as possible.

-All moral archives will be managed by the Dao Reform Bureau.


Chapter 557:
All Daoist regulations and rules are written by the Dao Reform Bureau, and approved by the Imperial Court.

All moral rewards and punishments are counted by the Dao Reform Bureau, which also makes them public to ensure fairness, impartiality, and transparency.

The Dao Reform Bureau is about to soar to new heights.

Online reviews are overwhelmingly positive this time around, with a strong focus on promoting positivity.

There is no choice but to be positive because the Daoist regulations state that those who spread malicious rumors or false information will receive whipping as punishment.

Previously, these regulations were only enforced in the Western Wilderness.

Although whipping is still exclusive to the Western Wilderness, the establishment of the Moral Archives means that anyone who violates the Daoist regulations will have their moral score deducted.

It is important to note that the internet has now fully adopted real-name registration.

Previously, some people would speak recklessly because the law was not comprehensive enough and there were no clear regulations in this area. Additionally, since "the law cannot punish everyone," some people did not take spreading rumors seriously.

However, with the introduction of the Moral Archives, anyone who spreads false information or rumors will directly affect their daily life.

For example, they may have to pay more for tickets, wait longer in hospital queues unless they are deemed virtuous, receive no interest on their bank deposits and even be charged management fees, or be forced to pay upfront for online purchases without the option of returning them if they receive substandard goods.

In short, almost every aspect of life is now linked to an individual's moral character.

Who would dare spread rumors carelessly?

Who would dare watch the chaos unfold without fear of consequences?

- Star Flag Bank would.

Last time, after Wang Yongsan killed three of their board members and faced immense pressure from the Chinese Imperial Court, Star Flag Bank was forced to apologize, causing significant damage to their international reputation.

This time, as they watched Wang Yongsan and the Dao Reform Bureau gain popularity, how could they not target them?

"China is establishing a dictatorship where people have no voice and suffer in silence."

"Telling the truth is considered morally corrupt, while flattery brings social benefits."

"The least democratic country in the world must be condemned by the international community, and even face international judgment."

However, this time, there was an unusual silence on the internet.

No one joined in, and no one argued against it.

Everyone remained silent, as if they hadn't seen anything at all.

Wang Yongsan sat in his office at the Dao Reform Bureau, frowning as he saw this situation.

Tapping his fingers on the table, he addressed his subordinates: "This is not a good sign. Although people have stopped blindly following rumors, they still distrust us and may suspect that we are using our power to punish those who speak the truth. This directly prevents us from hearing the truth and understanding our shortcomings, so we must change this."

"Who has any good suggestions?"

The Dao Reform Bureau had not grown in size, and its members were still mostly roughnecks with no delicate ideas.

Only Lin Shishu hesitated for a moment before suggesting, "I think we could create an anonymous complaint area where complaints made there cannot be traced back to the individual through our backend. This might give people a sense of security, don't you think?"


Chapter 558:
Wang Yongsan nodded three times: “The anonymous complaint area can be established, but our Dao Reform Bureau cannot access the information. To allow other regulatory departments to check it, otherwise there will still be people spreading rumors wantonly, just on different platforms.”

The Dao Reform Bureau acted quickly.

After the meeting in the morning, the anonymous complaint area was launched in the afternoon.

Complainants could directly lodge complaints on the platform, but only the highest internal inspection organ of the庙堂 could see the backend information.

As a result, there was a check from top to bottom, and finally someone dared to speak up.

The internet became much cleaner than before. Although there were still curses, they were all based on facts rather than malicious slander.

Among them, the group most affected was the water army. The introduction of the moral archives directly led to the complete disappearance of the water army, causing many pharmaceutical companies that relied on the water army to boost their sales to teeter on the brink of bankruptcy.

Originally, Wang Yongsan just wanted to solve the issue of being slandered, but after half a month, he suddenly found that his reputation had reached 90 million.

It was only 10 million short of breaking the billion mark.

“Hahaha, it seems that I’ll be able to get 16 points of reputation soon.”

This was 16 points of reputation.

Remember, initially, Wang Yongsan could only get one or twenty points of reputation for a small task.

And now, because of the reputation task, there was a possibility of getting 16 points of reputation in one day.

It was simply too enjoyable.

“I’m only short of 10 million, so why not push through and break the billion mark?”

“But what should I do to increase my reputation?”

Wang Yongsan thought about it and felt that doing charity would be more popular.

However, simply providing aid for serious illnesses could help too few people and capture too little hearts; charity needed to be scaled up. And to scale it up, a lot of money would be required.

Where could he get the money from?

Wang Yongsan was sitting in his office, worried, when suddenly a clumsy figure stumbled in.








“Alliance Leader, something terrible has happened!”

As soon as the figure stumbled into the office and saw Wang Yongsan, he shouted loudly.

Wang Yongsan frowned at him, and his memory ability told him that this person was a long elder of the Hu family with only a cultivation level of Sixth Layer of Qi Refinement.

“What’s the matter?” Wang Yongsan asked calmly.

Hu Elder took several breaths before he said urgently, “Alliance Leader, people from Jiangnan Province and Zhonghai Province have sent us a challenge letter. They said our people offended them and demanded an explanation from us.”

Wang Yongsan’s brows furrowed even more deeply.

He asked, “What exactly happened? Tell me from the beginning.”

“Yes!”

Hu Elder agreed and recounted, “Alliance Leader, since our Ludong Province created the martial alliance, Jiangnan Province and Zhonghai Province have followed suit and established their own alliances. Yesterday, because of a minor conflict, our alliance’s Zhao family had a significant battle with the Gu family from Jiangnan Province. Then today, the Lv family had a fight with Zhonghai’s branch family.”

“Now, the Zhao family and Lv family have complained to the Jiangnan Alliance and Zhonghai Alliance respectively, so now the alliance leaders of both alliances are coming to find you for an explanation.”

Wang Yongsan finally understood the situation.

He asked, “What exactly happened? Tell me from the beginning.”

“Yes!”

Hu Elder agreed and recounted, “Alliance Leader, since our Ludong Province created the martial alliance, Jiangnan Province and Zhonghai Province have followed suit and established their own alliances. Yesterday, because of a minor conflict, our alliance’s Zhao family had a significant battle with the Gu family from Jiangnan Province. Then today, the Lv family had a fight with Zhonghai’s branch family.”

“Now, the Zhao family and Lv family have complained to the Jiangnan Alliance and Zhonghai Alliance respectively, so now the alliance leaders of both alliances are coming to find you for an explanation.”

Wang Yongsan finally understood the situation.

He asked, “What exactly happened? Tell me from the beginning.”

“Yes!”

Hu Elder agreed and recounted, “Alliance Leader, since our Ludong Province created the martial alliance, Jiangnan Province and Zhonghai Province have followed suit and established their own alliances. Yesterday, because of a minor conflict, our alliance’s Zhao family had a significant battle with the Gu family from Jiangnan Province. Then today, the Lv family had a fight with Zhonghai’s branch family.”

“Now, the Zhao family and Lv family have complained to the Jiangnan Alliance and Zhonghai Alliance respectively, so now the alliance leaders of both alliances are coming to find you for an explanation.”

Wang Yongsan finally understood the situation.

He asked, “What exactly happened? Tell me from the beginning.”

“Yes!”

Hu Elder agreed and recounted, “Alliance Leader, since our Ludong Province created the martial alliance, Jiangnan Province and Zhonghai Province have followed suit and established their own alliances. Yesterday, because of a minor conflict, our alliance’s Zhao family had a significant battle with the Gu family from Jiangnan Province. Then today, the Lv family had a fight with Zhonghai’s branch family.”

“Now, the Zhao family and Lv family have complained to the Jiangnan Alliance and Zhonghai Alliance respectively, so now the alliance leaders of both alliances are coming to find you for an explanation.”

Wang Yongsan finally understood the situation.

He asked, “What exactly happened? Tell me from the beginning.”

“Yes!”

Hu Elder agreed and recounted, “Alliance Leader, since our Ludong Province created the martial alliance, Jiangnan Province and Zhonghai Province have followed suit and established their own alliances. Yesterday, because of a minor conflict, our alliance’s Zhao family had a significant battle with the Gu family from Jiangnan Province. Then today, the Lv family had a fight with Zhonghai’s branch family.”

“Now, the Zhao family and Lv family have complained to the Jiangnan Alliance and Zhonghai Alliance respectively, so now the alliance leaders of both alliances are coming to find you for an explanation.”

Wang Yongsan finally understood the situation.

He asked, “What exactly happened? Tell me from the beginning.”

“Yes!”

Hu Elder agreed and recounted, “Alliance Leader


Chapter 559:
He asked, “There must be a reason for this. Why did they fight?”

Elder Hu sighed and said, “Why would there be a reason? It’s common for people in the Jianghu to fight each other. But if we really have to talk about it, I heard…”

“You heard?” Wang Yongsan asked eagerly.

Elder Hu hesitated for a long time before saying, “I heard that the aristocratic families from Jiangnan Province and Zhonghai Province seem to have joined Blood Skull because of the gene evolution serum.”

“What?”

Wang Yongsan found it hard to believe.

The gene serum of Blood Skull was only a semi-finished product. No one would choose it if they weren’t an idiot, especially when there was already a perfect gene serum available.

At that moment, Ye Qing’s call came through.

Wang Yongsan immediately answered, “Brother Ye, what’s up?”

On the other end of the line, Ye Qing said awkwardly, “Brother Wang, I’m contacting you on behalf of the higher-ups. You mentioned before that you would hand over the experimental results of the gene serum, and it’s been half a month now. What do you think…”

Ah!

Wang Yongsan slapped his forehead.

He had been so busy that he got confused. Since last week, after looking for Dr. Le once and waiting for a whole day without getting to see him because he was busy with experiments, Wang Yongsan had forgotten about the gene serum.

“Brother Ye, if you hadn’t reminded me, I would have almost forgotten about this.” Wang Yongsan said embarrassedly.

Hearing this, Ye Qing almost choked on his own blood.

“Brother Wang, forgetting about it is no big deal, but the entire Jianghu in China almost turned upside down because of it. Have you heard about what’s happening? Some people couldn’t get the gene evolution serum and were afraid of being eliminated by other families, so they chose to join Blood Skull.”

Ye Qing’s words gave Wang Yongsan a hint of the situation.

Indeed, China did not allow sects to exist, so martial artists and mages existed in the form of hidden aristocratic families. There were hundreds, if not a thousand, of these families.

With so many aristocratic families competing against each other all the time, now that a gene evolution serum had suddenly appeared…

Those who could get it would do their best to fight for it, while those who couldn’t would think of other underhanded methods.

“Brother Ye, I’ll have someone send the experimental data to you right away. However, it will still take some time to configure the serum. You should release a statement first to reassure all the families.”

Now that two provinces’ aristocratic families had joined Blood Skull, Wang Yongsan couldn’t let this number continue to grow.

If too many ants gathered, they could kill an elephant. If other provinces’ aristocratic families joined forces, the Jianghu in China would really be thrown into chaos.

“Alright, I’ll wait for you then.”

Ye Qing hung up the phone.

Wang Yongsan looked at Elder Hu in front of him and asked sternly, “Where are the people from Jiangnan Province and Zhonghai Province now?”

Elder Hu replied, “Each of them sent a deputy leader to wait at Zhu Song Village, which is the border between our province. They said that if no one pays attention to them today, they will bring people here to take revenge for their comrades.”

Wang Yongsan sneered, “Revenge? These bastards joined Blood Skull. I want to find them to settle the score!”

“So what does the leader mean?” Elder Hu asked tentatively.


Chapter 560:
Wang Yongsan thought for a moment before saying, "Go and tell them that I will personally go to Zhusong Village to meet them this evening."

"This..." Elder Hu hesitated, "Will it be too dangerous for the leader to go there personally? What if they..."

"It's fine."

Wang Yongsan confidently said, "At worst, I will face the enemy head-on."

"Yes."

Elder Hu stepped back.

Wang Yongsan called Dr. Le, but the call didn't go through after ringing for a long time. He then called Dr. Yuan and asked him to upload their research materials to the private email address provided by Ye Qiong.

Then, he called Shangguan He and Qian Yongkuan separately to ask if they would go with him to Zhusong Village for negotiations.

The two big shots hesitated, but in the end, they reluctantly agreed.

Wealth is sought amidst danger.

Although they knew this might be going to a banquet with hidden daggers, if they could advance and retreat together with Wang Yongsan in danger, their families would have more opportunities than the others in the future.

Everything was almost ready.

Before leaving, Wang Yongsan wanted to improve his strength first.

In the past half month, he had earned 8 points of death every day, plus the nearly 300 points left from last time, he had reached more than 450 points now.

"Let's start with three groups of acupoints first."

Wang Yongsan took out 300 points and chose to buy physique.

Since breaking the acupoints, every time he bought physique, it became opening a group of acupoints. In other words, it now costs 300 points to increase one point of physique.

However, this point of physique now is not comparable to the improvement during the Qi Breaking Realm.

"Ding, physique purchase successful, current physique is 32 points."

Thirty-two points of physique equals the second level of breaking acupoints.

Wang Yongsan placed the broken acupoints in his four limbs and, with the help of Qi circulation ability, every move was like moving without resistance, extremely fast and powerful.

"But just improving the cultivation is not enough to ensure safety. If I could draw a punitive power, even for one day would be fine."

Wang Yongsan looked at the remaining 153 points of death and decided to use them all to draw superpowers.

"Draw power."

The wheel spun, stopping after ten seconds.

Then it spun again and stopped again.

Wang Yongsan's gaze was fixed on the power wheel, seeing that he had drawn ten times without getting a permanent or superpower experience, Wang Yongsan began to feel a little nervous.

"There are still four chances left, hang in there."

Wang Yongsan gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.

As the wheel spun slower and slower, Wang Yongsan's eyes also reflected a joyful light.








The wheel finally stopped completely, and Wang Yongsan couldn't help but jump up.

"Wahaha, I actually got a superpower."

At this moment, the pointer of the wheel clearly pointed to a position with a superpower icon.

The system prompt sounded at the same time.

"Congratulations on drawing gravity control superpower (permanent), do you want to extract it immediately?"

"Extract immediately."

Wang Yongsan excitedly shouted.

This time, not only did he draw a superpower, but it was also a permanent superpower.


Chapter 561:
‘Swish.’

A flash of inspiration appeared in Wang Yongsan's mind, and he felt as if something more had been added.

[Gravity Control: Manipulate the external release of spiritual power to alter gravity, increasing or decreasing one's own or another being's weight.]

(Note 1: Requires a physique of 30 and external release of spiritual power to use.)

(Note 2: Optimal release distance is within 20 meters; the farther away, the greater the spiritual power consumption. When used on oneself, only consumes minimal spiritual power.)

"External release of Qi is essentially internal strength released externally; fortunately, I have already broken through to the Break Meridian Realm. Otherwise, even with superpowers, I wouldn't be able to use them."

Wang Yongsan grinned broadly.

While this Gravity Control wasn't as direct as the Punishment superpower in killing people, it seemed even more practical.

"I wonder if adjusting my own gravity to zero would allow me to fly."

Air also has weight; otherwise, hydrogen balloons wouldn't float.

Wang Yongsan closed his eyes and used Gravity Control for the first time. He needed to calmly perceive how spiritual power and external release of Qi worked together.

After about two seconds, Wang Yongsan's body suddenly began to slowly float up and continued to rise higher.

‘Bang.’

A dull sound echoed.

Wang Yongsan, lost in his own world, had directly collided with the ceiling. This collision startled Wang Yongsan; his spiritual power slackened, causing him to fall from mid-air.

"Hahaha, this is fun! Fun!"

"Unfortunately, this superpower is somewhat complex to control and requires some practice."

In the next half an hour, Wang Yongsan continuously experimented with Gravity Control. This superpower could not only make someone lighter and fly but also heavier to descend quickly. Most importantly, Wang Yongsan could now control gravity, altering the weight of objects around him. The only downside was that gravity could only be manipulated up and down, not moved freely in any direction.

Buzzing sounds echoed. The phone rang; Guan Hexie and Qian Yongkuan had arrived downstairs, waiting for Wang Yongsan to go to Zhu Song Village together with the Jiangnan Alliance and the Zhonghai Alliance for negotiations.

Wang Yongsan opened the window, leaned out to look down, and saw Guan Hexie and Qian Yongkuan standing downstairs waiting for him.

"Hehe, let me show you something fun!" Wang Yongsan's playful spirit surged; he jumped directly from the window.

"Ahhhh! What was that?"

"It seems like someone jumped off a building."

"My God, we're on the seventh floor now, and this person is even higher than us; isn't he doomed?"

"I, I saw that person; it seems to be Director Wang."

A commotion arose. Director Wang jumped off a building? The Laogai Bureau had just gained significant power; why would he jump off a building to commit suicide now?

Or could it be that the pressure was too much for him to bear? Or did he get too excited and take some drugs? Some people had already rushed to the window, opened it, and looked down. At this moment, Wang Yongsan was about to reach the ground.

"Guan Laogong, Brother Qian!" Wang Yongsan shouted as he descended while calling out to the two below.

Guan Hexie and Qian Yongkuan were talking when they heard the voice; they looked up in shock.


Chapter 562:
At this moment, Wang Yongsan was less than three meters away from the ground. He was almost directly above the two of them, upside down, as if he were going to drill into the ground. He was falling rapidly towards them.

"Little friend Wang."

"Brother."

Li Guanghui and Qian Yongkuan both reached out their hands simultaneously, wanting to help Wang Yongsan.

However,

Wang Yongsan laughed and suddenly performed an aerial brake, stopping in mid-air against all scientific principles.

"Gah?"

"…"

Li Guanghui and Qian Yongkuan were both stunned.

What the hell? How could a person suddenly stop in mid-air like this? Was it some kind of ghostly phenomenon?

At this moment, Wang Yongsan flipped over and slowly landed on the ground.

"Brothers, was that fun?" Wang Yongsan boasted.

Li Guanghui looked surprised: "Brother Wang, what kind of martial art is this?"

Qian Yongkuan was equally shocked: "Could it be some kind of lost lightness skill? But that's too abnormal!"

Wang Yongsan laughed loudly: "This isn't a martial art, it's an ability granted by faith power. I just discovered it today."

Faith power?

Again, faith power?

Last time when Wang Yongsan punished someone, he said it was an ability granted by faith power. At that time, Li Guanghui and Qian Yongkuan felt skeptical but couldn't find any other explanation.

Now, with this ability to hover in mid-air without scientific explanation, could there really be such a thing as faith power?

"Brothers, you should do more good deeds in the future. Who knows, if you accumulate enough faith power, maybe you'll gain some fun abilities too."

Wang Yongsan advised gently.

The two brothers looked at each other and smiled wryly.

Fun?

This ability could indeed be described as fun, it seemed even more incredible than internal energy externalization.

If doing good deeds could really earn faith power and give them such abilities, they would even be willing to give up their family status and devote themselves entirely to charity work.

Without paying attention to how much shock his actions caused, Wang Yongsan got into Li Guanghui's luxury car along with Qian Yongkuan and headed towards Zhusong Village.

An hour later, they arrived at Zhusong Village.

Wang Yongsan was chatting with Li Guanghui and Qian Yongkuan when he suddenly looked out the window and sneered: "These bastards, quite a few people have come to ambush us."

Li Guanghui frowned: "What did you say, Brother Wang?"

Qian Yongkuan was also puzzled.

Wang Yongsan laughed: "Brother Guanghui, I said that people from the Jiangnan Alliance and the Zhonghai Alliance have come to ambush us. There are already eight martial artists with broken acupoints from the village entrance to here."

Qian Yongkuan asked: "How do you know?"

You must know that Li Guanghui is at the fifth level of broken acupoints, and Qian Yongkuan is even at the sixth level.

Both are top-tier martial artists in Lu Shan Province, and even when they sit inside the car carefully sensing their surroundings, they can't detect the breath of martial artists with broken acupoints far away. Wang Yongsan is only at the second level of broken acupoints, how can he sense people and even determine there are eight?

Wang Yongsan boasted: "This is also an ability granted by faith power. I call it the art of looking at Qi."

Alright, the system for causing trouble was unhappy now.

Both abilities were granted by it, but now they're all credited to faith power.


Chapter 563:
"Looking at the Qi Technique?"

Guo Shanghe and Qian Yongkuan were both puzzled. What was this Looking at the Qi Technique?

Wang Yongsan explained, "The so-called Looking at the Qi Technique is an ability to perceive the strength of others by observing their Qi. This perception can not only see the people in front of you but also perceive any Qi in the distant horizon."

"For example..."

Wang Yongsan pointed to a place in front and said, "There is a strong Qi there. At least six Jue Xuan Wu Zhong experts are waiting for us."








Jue Xuan Wu Zhong was already the top combat power in a provincial family.

Taking Lu Shan Province as an example, there might only be six Jue Xuan Wu Zhong experts in the entire province.

At this moment, there were six Jue Xuan Wu Zhong experts waiting ahead. If it was true, then without a doubt, that would be the center of the village, and those six Jue Xuan Wu Zhong experts were the representatives who came to negotiate from both provinces.

At first, Guo Shanghe and Qian Yongkuan had some doubts about the authenticity of the Looking at the Qi Technique,

But as the car got closer and closer, they were completely convinced.

Because the place Wang Yongsan had pointed to earlier was indeed where the negotiation took place, and there were indeed six Jue Xuan Wu Zhong experts on site.

"Brother, your old brother is convinced now. When we go back this time, our Guo family will definitely have to consider doing good deeds seriously."

Guo Shanghe sighed in admiration with a face full of admiration.

Qian Yongkuan also said, "No wonder there has never been a Xian Tian appearing all these years. It seems that our Qian family should also consider changing its cultivation strategy a bit."

It seemed that Qian Yongkuan had linked his heart and the Xian Tian realm together.

It couldn't be blamed on them for thinking too much.

Wang Yongsan had displayed abilities that couldn't be explained by science one after another. If an explanation had to be given, it would probably only be the legendary "Xian Tian realm" that existed in legends.

At least, flying in the air was one of the symbols of the Xian Tian realm.

Wang Yongsan chuckled and didn't explain any further. He took the lead and got off the car first.

Guo Shanghe and Qian Yongkuan followed closely behind him, walking behind Wang Yongsan towards the five Jue Xuan Wu Zhong experts in front of them.

"You're young but walking at the forefront. You must be Wang Yongsan?"

Before Wang Yongsan could stand firm, he heard a question coming from the opposite side.

"I am. This is our Lu Shan Alliance's Vice Alliance Leader Guo Shanghe and Vice Alliance Leader Qian Yongkuan. What are your names?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Of the six people on the opposite side, they were looking at Wang Yongsan while introducing themselves one after another.

Among them,

The ones who came from the Jiangnan Alliance were Liang Clan, Gu Clan, and Cheng Clan;

The ones who came from the Zhong Hai Alliance were Mo Clan, Lv Clan, and Xing Clan.

However, what made Wang Yongsan frown was that these six families all sent their respective family's second-in-command, and the leader was only a vice alliance leader of their respective alliance.

"You're all deputy positions, so you should be able to make decisions, right?" Wang Yongsan asked.

The Jiangnan Liang Clan sneered, "Although we are all deputy positions, they are genuine abilities. Unlike you, you're just some kind of person who was supported by the country."

The tone was filled with disdain.

Wang Yongsan didn't bother to argue with such a person and chuckled, "Alright, as long as you can make decisions, you..."


Chapter 564:
Wang Yongsan raised his hand,  pointing randomly at a few people. His intention was to ask who among them was in charge so that only two representatives could come forward for negotiations.

However,  he never expected that as soon as his fingers lifted up,  the six Breakthrough Five Realm masters on the opposite side would suddenly change their expressions drastically. Simultaneously,  they all retreated hastily.

It wasn't until they had withdrawn more than thirty meters away that the six individuals,  like birds startled from their nests,  began to inquire nervously among themselves:

"Am I getting older? "

"Quick,  check if there's any change in me. "

"Did he just attack us? I saw him pointing at me; am I going to die? "

Wang Yongsan was speechless.

These Breakthrough Five Realm masters actually believed that Wang Yongsan had secretly cast a punishment spell on them.

Guo and Qian,  along with Wang Yongsan,  who were slower to react,  now understood what had happened and couldn't help but shake their heads in resignation.

These people were projecting their own actions onto others; they had set up an ambush,  yet they assumed Wang Yongsan would resort to underhanded tactics like them.

If Wang Yongsan really used the punishment spell,  even if it were done openly,  no one would be able to withstand it.

This was also the reason why Guo and Qian,  knowing that this was a trap,  dare to accompany Wang Yongsan here; they believed that with the punishment spell in his possession,  Wang Yongsan was invincible.

"Hey, hey, hey! You people are so timid; what's the point of negotiating? Just surrender directly!" Wang Yongsan said with a chuckle.

The six individuals on the opposite side felt their faces burning with embarrassment.

In truth,  they didn't want to come either; they had to for the sake of their families and themselves.

Why didn't their family leaders come but only send the second-in-command? It was because the family leader represented their family's highest combat power; if they died,  the entire family would suffer a significant blow.

"You ignorant brat,  don't talk nonsense!"

"That's right; as martial artists,  it's normal for us to be cautious. "

"It's because you lack experience that you don't understand the treachery of this world. "

The six individuals spoke one after another to explain themselves,  but anyone with eyes could see that they were merely trying to justify their fear.

"Alright,  alright,  stop talking nonsense! You've set up an ambush with so many people; what are you still afraid of? Let's get down to business!" Wang Yongsan said impatiently.

He had come here with the intention of reconciliation; only if it failed would he resort to fighting.

After all,  they were their own people,  and the decision-makers were the family leaders; it didn't represent everyone's desire to join Blood Skull.

If that were the case,  he would have charged in from outside the village earlier.

"Nonsense! We're here with sincerity; how can there be an ambush?"

Li,  the family leader of the Li family,  said weakly.

Wang Yongsan didn't waste any more words; he pointed in a certain direction and said,  "There's one Breakthrough Three Realm over there. "

Then he pointed to another location.

"There are two Breakthrough Two Realms over there. "

"And there's another Breakthrough Three Realm. "

"There are also two Breakthrough Two Realms over there. "

As Wang Yongsan pointed in different directions,  the six family leaders on the opposite side were convinced.

Wang Yongsan not only found the hiding spots of those individuals but also directly revealed their cultivation levels.


Chapter 565:
It must be known that, given the great distance between them, even they could not sense each other's presence or discern their specific cultivation levels.

"Now, can you tell us what you intend to do?"

Wang Yongsan crossed his arms, sneering as he asked.

The six family heads looked at each other, and finally Liang Family's head stepped forward.

"Indeed, Wang Mengzhu has some skills. Since that's the case, let's speak openly without any hidden meanings."

"We came here this time with sixty hidden-pulse masters in ambush, but you can rest assured; we only seek self-preservation. As long as you don't make the first move, neither will we."

Liang Family's head spoke with righteous indignation and backbone.

However, to use sixty people to ambush three opponents while still saying it was only for self-preservation—there really wasn't anyone else who could do that.

"Alright, if you don't want to fight, then let's not say those unnecessary things. Just tell me how you plan to resolve this matter."

Wang Yongsan was young and impulsive, immediately speaking directly to the point.

Liang Family's head pondered for a moment before saying, "Your people attacked our Jiangnan Alliance and Zhonghai Alliance members. According to martial arts rules, either offer an apology or it's a life-and-death struggle. Now our proposal is for your Lushan Alliance to provide twenty Gene Potions as an apology. Out of respect for you, Wang Mengzhu, we won't demand an apology. What do you think?"

Fifty thousand words later, it finally went on sale. Instead of writing a dedication, which might disrupt the 













"We apologize?" Wang Yongsan chuckled. "The matter hasn't been clarified yet, and you want us to apologize? Since you're so tyrannical, let's just fight until one of us dies."

What?

This isn't how it was supposed to go!

Isn't it supposed to be about negotiating the number of compensations, haggling over prices?

From twenty down to fifteen, then from fifteen down to ten, finally settling on six compensations with each family getting one, everyone would be happy, and they could become friends, possibly making a private transaction later.

But why did he ask for an all-out battle right away?

"This..."

Liang Family's head was sweating bullets, not knowing how to proceed with the negotiation.

He had prepared for several hours of negotiations, but now it seemed like the entire discussion ended after just one sentence from each side.

"Wang Mengzhu." Liang Family's head gritted his teeth and said, "In reality, there's just a small conflict between us. We only need to pay a little compensation and avoid a life-and-death struggle, right?"

Wang Yongsan sneered, "You said it yourself: either apologize or fight until one of us dies. Now we don't want to apologize, so besides fighting until one of us dies, is there any other way?"

</div>


Chapter 566:
The head of the Liang family looked back at the five people behind him, each of whom shook their heads, indicating that they did not know what to do.

Guo and Qian had been nervous when they heard Wang Yongsan say "either you die or I do" just now.

They knew that Wang Yongsan was formidable, but the other side had ambushed sixty acupoint-breaking masters, along with the six acupoint-breaking fifth stage experts in front of them. What if Wang Yongsan's faith force ran out?

However, when they saw the expression on the face of the head of the Liang family opposite them, they laughed.

These guys brought so many people with them but were scared by Wang Yongsan alone. It was really quite funny.

"Leader Wang, our people were beaten by your people after all. We are both leaders of an alliance, so I hope you can understand our predicament and help us out. How about giving us six genetic potions as a gesture?"

The head of the Liang family had originally wanted to be on an equal footing with Wang Yongsan, but after hearing the phrase "either you die or I do", he immediately caved in.

There was nothing he could do about it; the person he faced was someone who could make others die with just a finger. If he didn't cave in, his life might be in danger.

The head of the Liang family was not a lowly position, and he spoke to Wang Yongsan in a tone that seemed like begging for mercy. If it were someone else, they might have given him the six potions out of face.

But Wang Yongsan was not someone else.

He sneered and said, "If a leader of another alliance were to negotiate with me like this, I, Wang Yongsan, would definitely not be stingy with just six genetic potions. But you from the Jiangnan Alliance and the Zhonghai Alliance are different."

"Why?" asked the head of the Liang family, frowning.

"You should know why yourself," Wang Yongsan countered. "Let me ask you this: Why did your people come to provoke the families of our Lu Shan Alliance? Was it because someone was instigating you from behind the scenes?"

"Nonsense! We are a provincial alliance; how could we listen to someone else's orders?"

Sweat dripped down the head of the Liang family's forehead, revealing his true feelings.

Wang Yongsan shouted angrily, "You should know that you are a provincial alliance with such great power. Yet you betray your country, betray your fellow citizens, and even violate the principles of martial arts by collaborating with a sinister force like Blood Skull. How can you say that this incident wasn't orchestrated by Blood Skull? If it weren't for the fact that I possess faith force, you wouldn't be negotiating with me right now. Instead, you would have followed Blood Skull's orders and killed me outright!"

"Leader Wang, how can you slander us like this?" The head of the Liang family's cold sweat dripped down his forehead.

Their alliance with Blood Skull was known only to a few high-ranking officials within their alliance.

In fact, the sixty acupoint-breaking masters who had ambushed Wang Yongsan earlier were unaware of this alliance.

By announcing it loudly, if they had to fight later on without those cannon fodder members leading the way, wouldn't their chances of survival be even slimmer?

Wang Yongsan took a big step forward, his imposing manner unyielding. "Head of the Liang family, and other heads of families, do you really think your actions are airtight? You forgot that there is no secret under the sky. Your alliance with Blood Skull has already been reported to the imperial court. If it weren't for someone who valued your cultivation and advised against it, I wouldn't be here today with these two old friends."

"As for who it is, you should be able to guess."


Chapter 567:
The words of Wang Yongsan made the heads of the Liang and other families break out in a cold sweat.

Indeed, they could only secretly join the Blood Skulls; once someone found out about it, they couldn't hide like the Blood Skulls could.

These families were registered with the Jianghu Supervision Department, and the country could easily destroy them if it wanted to.

"Leader Wang, we really don't know about the matter you mentioned, but it is possible that someone in our alliance secretly contacted the Blood Skulls. However, this doesn't concern us; without evidence, you shouldn't make reckless accusations."

"That's right, Leader Wang; we definitely haven't contacted the Blood Skulls."

"There are at least 18,000 martial artists in our two provinces; you can't blame everyone just because of a few bad apples."

The heads of the families tried to shirk all responsibility.

Wang Yongsan was just bluffing them, as he didn't know who had joined the Blood Skulls either.

Seeing their fear and trepidation, he pretended to be magnanimous: "Alright, alright; I know who has skeletons in their closet. To be honest with you, I'm not here to fight or cause trouble today; instead, I want to give you all a chance."

"What kind of chance?"

"A chance to live."

Wang Yongsan solemnly said, "Traitors are always the most despised people everywhere, but since you haven't done anything major wrong yet, I will give you a chance to redeem yourselves on behalf of my superiors. As long as you can use your traitor status to find out where the Blood Skulls' base is, once we destroy them together, I can help you apply for a merit so that the country will accept you again."

People die for money, and birds die for food; compared to these family heads who did wrong things for cultivation, the Blood Skulls were obviously more evil.

Moreover, Wang Yongsan couldn't determine who had betrayed them either; it wouldn't be good if he killed the wrong person.

So, this was a temporary solution; for now, they could only do this.

After discussing with the other family heads for a while, Liang finally nodded and said: "Although we didn't participate in joining the Blood Skulls, destroying them is something that all Chinese martial artists should do. I can represent the traitors in our alliance and promise Leader Wang this matter, but we have a condition. If Leader Wang agrees, we will officially start cooperating; otherwise…"








Liang's last few words were originally intended to be intimidating, but when he thought about how Wang Yongsan didn't care at the beginning of the negotiation and directly said that they would fight until one side died, he didn't dare to say anything more.

He only said half of what he wanted to, which made Liang feel a bit embarrassed.

However, Wang Yongsan gave him face and didn't pursue the matter further.

He calmly asked: "What kind of condition is it? If it's about the genetic medicine, as long as the quantity isn't too much, I can promise you some after we succeed."

Liang shook his head: "No, what we want isn't the genetic medicine; it's a fair fight with you."

"A fair fight?"

Wang Yongsan laughed and asked: "What do you mean by a fair fight? What's the point?"

</div>


Chapter 568:
The head of the Liang family said solemnly, "First of all, since we are here today, we might as well be under the watchful eyes of the traitor who joined the Blood Skulls. If we were to leave peacefully through negotiation, I'm afraid the Blood Skulls would become wary of us."

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but chuckle inwardly.

It was clear that the traitor was them, yet they still refused to admit it.

The head of the Liang family continued, "Secondly, although we are not traitors, how can one avoid blame when accused? As long as those in power suspect us, they will inevitably make things difficult for us in the future. Therefore, we discussed it among ourselves and decided that the three of us should form an alliance. With the prestige of the Lu Mountain Alliance, no one would dare to say anything about us then."

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "What does this have to do with a fair battle?"

"Cough cough."

The head of the Liang family coughed twice and said, "Since we are to unite into one alliance, it is only natural that we should choose a new leader. A fair battle would naturally be used to determine who becomes the leader and who becomes the deputy leader."

Wang Yongsan chuckled.

After all this talk, the true intentions of these people were to recruit him into their ranks.

If they really became the leader, they would surely find various excuses to ask for genetic potions from him in the future. It was much more advantageous than asking for several at once.

However, Wang Yongsan also had his own plans.

He asked, "What do you mean by a fair battle? One-on-one? Or three-against-three? Are you suggesting that it should be the three of us against your six?"

"Not quite."

The head of the Liang family shook his head and said, "In a fair battle to elect a leader, one cannot use your punitive arts or the golden flames. Otherwise, with just a casual point of your finger or a glare from your eyes, we would lose our lives. This goes against the original intention of electing a leader."

Even Guan Heqi couldn't bear to listen any longer and shouted at the head of the Liang family, "Liang, can you be any more shameless? Do we also have to bind our hands for you?"

The head of the Liang family shook his head and said, "Guan brother, your words are not quite right. We are only sparring to elect a leader, not fighting for our lives. Punitive arts and golden flames are inconvenient to use. However, we have no objections if it's blue or red flames instead."

These people clearly knew a lot about Wang Yongsan.

Guan Heqi wanted to say more, but Wang Yongsan stopped him with a hand gesture.

He asked the head of the Liang family, "But you are only a deputy leader. What if I defeat you and your allies, but the actual leader doesn't acknowledge me?"

The head of the Liang family shamelessly replied, "Please rest assured, Wang leader. Our leader can only fight us to a draw on his own. As long as you defeat the three of us from the Jiangnan Alliance alone, our leader will have no choice but to acknowledge you."

Wang Yongsan chuckled, amused by the shamelessness of the head of the Liang family.

Turning to the other side, he asked the three from the Zhonghai Alliance, "You guys too? The same as what Liang said?"

The second head of the Zhonghai Alliance, Mo family, nodded and said, "That's right. We are also three people. As long as you defeat us, our leader will naturally acknowledge you too."

Wang Yongsan asked again, "So as long as I don't use the golden flames or punitive arts, it's fine?"

The head of the Liang family and others all nodded in agreement.


Chapter 569:
"I wonder if President Wang will challenge the Zhonghai Alliance first, or us?" said Liang Family Master with a smile on his face.

In his opinion, Wang Yongsan's strength lies in his punitive power, aside from that, even if it is the White Gold Flame, he is not completely afraid.

The reason why the White Gold Flame was also included was actually a bit of trickery by Liang Family Master.

He believed that Wang Yongsan would haggle with him, and only intended to allow Wang Yongsan to use the White Gold Flame after some debate between the two sides.

But he didn't expect that Wang Yongsan wouldn't even bother to negotiate.

Wang Yongsan sneered and impatiently said, "You weak chickens, do you still need to come first or last? Just come together."

Together?

Liang Family Master thought he had heard wrong and refused to believe, "President Wang's meaning is that you want to fight us six alone?"

Wang Yongsan nodded, "Or do you want to fight each other first, and then come to me after the winner is decided?"

"No need, no need."

Liang Family Master and the others hurriedly waved their hands.

Wang Yongsan glared, "Then what are you hesitating about? Come on."

Liang Family Master and the others exchanged glances, their eyes becoming firm.

You must know that they were ready to betray for the half-finished Blood Skull before, and now that they have encountered a better choice in Wang Yongsan, how could they easily give up.

"Kill!"

"Knock him down, and the alliance will be ours."

"Fight with all you've got!"

I don't know why, although it was agreed that Wang Yongsan would not use his punitive arts or flame martial arts, facing a Wang Yongsan who was only at the second level of breaking acupoints, Liang Family Master and the others still felt a bit of fear.

Soon, they would know why.

Boom boom boom boom boom...

A series of explosions sounded five meters in front of Wang Yongsan.

Liang Family Master and the others' internal strength was released, originally aimed at Wang Yongsan, but for some reason it hit the ground.

"Hehe, what are you all doing? Do you want to give way to me?" Wang Yongsan laughed.

Just now, he used his gravitational control superpower to increase the gravity within a five-meter radius by a hundred times. Although Liang Family Master and the others' punches were fierce, under a hundred times gravity, they were still instantly suppressed to the ground.

"Again!"

Liang Family Master and the others didn't know what was going on, but since the battle had already begun, they had no way out.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The six people took their positions and attacked at the same time.

This kind of attack from all directions, there is nowhere to hide front and back left and right, but just when the punches were about to collide, Wang Yongsan lightly jumped up and flew up thirty or forty meters in a flash.

"What the hell!"

"What the heck is going on?"

The jaws of several family masters dropped.

Although they are experts in breaking acupoints, and some of them have opened the acupoints in their legs and can jump twenty or thirty meters with all their strength, but thirty or forty meters, no one can do it.

What's even more terrifying is that after Wang Yongsan jumped up forty meters high, he didn't fall down but instead hovered in the air.

"Hehehe, gentlemen, have you ever seen a palm technique that falls from the sky?"

While several family masters were still in shock, suddenly a voice came from the sky.


Chapter 570:
Then they saw Wang Yongsan descend with his head down and feet up, extending his palm towards the ground.








"The heads of the families were still contemplating what kind of palm technique could descend from the heavens when they saw Wang Yongsan coming down with his head down and hands up, pressing down with his palm.

The action seemed a bit comical because the distance between them was simply too great; even a master with broken acupoints would be unable to make such an arbitrary attack.

However, soon, Liang and the others realized something was amiss.

"What's going on?"

"The pressure is immense; it feels like my bones are about to break."

"No good, we need to retreat quickly!"

Someone woke up to the situation, but it was too late.

With a hundredfold increase in gravity pressing down on them, even though they were masters with broken acupoints, they still couldn't bear the weight.

"We're done for; we can't move at all!"

Six top masters with broken acupoints at the fifth level, being pressed down by an empty palm and rendered immobile—if such a thing were said out loud, no one would believe it.

However, facts speak louder than words.

Crack!

Crackle!

The earth began to crack.

With the internal energy enhancing their bodies, making them much harder than rocks, although they could barely withstand the pressure without being crushed, the ground beneath their feet couldn't withstand the ever-increasing weight.

At this point, Wang Yongsan had descended to less than 20 meters above the ground.

He wore a playful expression and slightly opened his lips, using a drawn-out tone to pronounce those four words known to every household in China.

"The Eternal Palm!"

Boom…

With a ground-shaking and mountain-moving sound, the six masters with broken acupoints at the fifth level were actually nailed to the ground like nails, with only their heads sticking out.

The surrounding area was pressed into a massive, palm-shaped depression about one meter deep by an invisible force.

Ding.

Wang Yongsan landed steadily and made a relaxed gesture as if putting on an act.

At this moment, not only the six 'nails' but also Shangguan Hede and Qian Yongkuan were dumbfounded.

"Gentlemen, are you convinced?" Wang Yongsan smiled gently.

His smile looked much like that of Maitreya Buddha, but in the eyes of the six 'nails', it was extremely terrifying.

What kind of power was this?

Masters with broken acupoints at the fifth level were nailed to the ground without any resistance. Moreover, they couldn't sense the external release of internal energy at all.

"Oh? It seems you gentlemen are still not convinced, huh?"

Wang Yongsan chuckled and raised his hand, ready to slap them down again.

The six 'nails' finally woke up and hurriedly shouted together, "We submit! We submit!"

"Really?" Wang Yongsan asked with a smile.

"Yes, we really submit!"

"Then from now on, you gentlemen will be my subordinates, right?"

"Yes yes, we acknowledge the leader Wang!"

The six heads of families had sad faces and were experiencing excruciating pain, unsure if their bones were broken or not.

They had completely lost the desire to resist and only hoped that Wang Yongsan would stop at this point.


Chapter 571:
```
Wang Yongsan laughed heartily: “Excellent, since that’s the case, everyone here is now family. I hope you won’t forget what I told you earlier.”

The six of them dared not forget.

Just a single punishment had already made everyone anxious, and now there was another added pressure of the如来神掌.

Although these old hands in Jianghu had never even heard of the如来神掌, they could only assume that it must be an ancient top-tier martial art. With their abilities, there was no way they could resist it.

“Alliance leader, can you do me a favor and pull me out of the ground?” Liang Family Head asked with a mournful expression.

Earlier, in order to resist the pressure, he had almost exhausted all his strength and was unable to even jump out of the ground.

“Of course I can.”

Wang Yongsan laughed heartily, grabbed a head, and like pulling a radish, with a ‘bang’ sound, he pulled him out.

After all six of them were pulled out,

Wang Yongsan then said: “As for the previous agreement, you must not think of playing any tricks. I will only give you one week’s time. If you cannot find the base of Blood Skull, the consequences will be known to you.”

“Don’t worry, Alliance Leader, we guarantee not to let you down.”

Liang Family Head took the lead in expressing his commitment.

Wang Yongsan nodded: “I’ll wait for your good news, goodbye.”

After saying that, Wang Yongsan called Ou Shang and Qian Yongkuan to leave with him.

The six family heads were left standing there stunned.

“What should we do now? Not only did we fail to complete the task, but we also lost two alliances to others. How can we explain it when we go back?”

The second head of the Gu Family asked with a worried expression.

Liang Family Head shook his head and sighed: “What else can we do? Let’s go back first.”

Mo Family’s second head was quite wise, and at this moment he frowned and whispered: “I think it would be much more reliable to join Wang Yongsan than Blood Skull. You must know that he is not only helping the country, but also has access to Perfect Gene Potion. His strength is also unfathomable. In fact, I suspect what realm he might be in.”

“Could it be that you think he is…”

Liang Family Head’s words were not finished, but everyone knew what he was implying.

It had been unknown for how many years that realm’s experts had already disappeared, but Wang Yongsan’s performance today made them think of that realm.

That realm was said to be able to go up to heaven and down to earth, capable of anything.

Although Wang Yongsan might not be able to do everything, just the ability to go up to heaven was a move that even those at the peak of breaking acupoints couldn’t achieve.

Mo Family’s second head’s words made everyone present fully realize the truth.

If Wang Yongsan really was at the先天 realm, or even half a step into it, he would definitely be an existence that could sweep the world.

Being friends with him would definitely be better than being enemies with him.

On the other side.

As the car had already driven away from Zhu Song Village, Ou Shang and Qian Yongkuan finally asked the doubts in their hearts.

“Brother Wang, no, Alliance Leader Wang, what realm is the如来神掌 you used just now?” Qian Yongkuan asked with some excitement.

His Qian Family was good at palm techniques, and he had some knowledge of the palm techniques of various families.

However, he had never heard of this descending from the sky palm technique.
```


Chapter 572:
Wang Yongsan laughed heartily and said, "Brother Qian, we're old acquaintances. Why are you suddenly being so polite?"

Qian Yongkuan scratched his head awkwardly and said, "To be honest, when I approached you before, it was really because of the gene potion. But now I understand. I, Qian Mou, am a frog at the bottom of a well. To call you Brother Wang and be brothers with you is really somewhat unworthy."

Wang Yongsan frowned and said, "Brother Qian, if you keep calling me the Alliance Leader, I'll be unhappy."

Shangguan Heqi quickly stepped in to mediate, "Alright, alright. Brother Wang is a man of temperament. Since he calls us brothers, we should accept it. Old Qian, don't be too stubborn."

Qian Yongkuan also apologized repeatedly, "It's my fault, it's my fault. Brother Wang, please don't blame me."

Wang Yongsan saw that he had changed back to the original address, so he smiled slightly and asked in place of an answer, "Brother Qian hasn't seen that classic movie, have you? The Buddha's Palm is the move from there."

Qian Yongkuan was stunned.

"Is there real martial arts in movies?"

Wang Yongsan laughed heartily, "I don't know if the martial arts in movies are real or not. Anyway, mine is called Buddha's Palm. But it's not a martial technique; it's an ability given to me by faith power."

Faith power?

It's faith power again.

At this moment, in Shangguan Heqi and Qian Yongkuan's eyes, faith power seemed to have become something omnipotent. The look they gave Wang Yongsan was filled with determination.








"Shangguan Heqi and Qian Yongkuan now wished they could immediately start doing good deeds to accumulate this magical faith power.

The two exchanged a look, and both saw the affirmative meaning in each other's eyes.

This time it was Shangguan Heqi who spoke first, asking Wang Yongsan, "Brother Wang, our Shangguan family also wants to do some good deeds recently. I wonder if Brother Wang has any suitable charity projects?"

The Shangguan family truly deserved to be businessmen among the martial artists. Doing good deeds also depends on projects?

Qian Yongkuan also followed up and said, "Our Qian family is the same. Brother Wang does good deeds; can you bring our Qian family along?"

"This..."

Wang Yongsan pretended to be somewhat hesitant. In reality, he was worried that if he answered too decisively, it would arouse the suspicion of the two elders.

After all, they were both old and had lived for many years. If it weren't for his recent extraordinary performance, they wouldn't even believe in faith power. Therefore, he had to be cautious about tempting them.

Shangguan Heqi and Qian Yongkuan both looked at Wang Yongsan nervously, fearing that the first word he uttered would be refusal.

"Alright."

After a long hesitation, Wang Yongsan finally gritted his teeth and agreed.

Shangguan Heqi and Qian Yongkuan both breathed a sigh of relief and quickly thanked Wang Yongsan, "Thank you, Brother Wang. Thank you for your help."

Wang Yongsan seemed to be somewhat reluctant and said, "The two elder brothers don't need to thank me. Doing good deeds is always beneficial and never harmful. Even if I didn't help, with your connections and status, it wouldn't be difficult for you to do good deeds."

Although he said so, Shangguan Heqi and Qian Yongkuan wouldn't let go.

After all, there are many people who do good deeds, but they haven't seen anyone with faith power. To be safe, it would be better to follow Wang Yongsan and do what he does.


Chapter 573:
"Brother Wang, you are too polite. In short, from now on, our two families will follow your lead."

Both Guan and Qian expressed their agreement.

Wang Yongsan laughed: "Just recently, my Dao Reform Bureau is preparing to establish a public welfare fund. Since the two of you are willing to do good deeds, why not donate some money?"

"How much should we donate?"

Guan and Qian asked in unison.

Wang Yongsan replied: "It depends on your willingness. You can donate as much as you want. The more you donate, the more good deeds you will do, and the more faith power you will gain."

Guan frowned and whispered with Qian.

After a moment, Guan raised his head and said to Wang Yongsan: "Brother Wang, we are both martial arts families, and we are hidden world families. Although there are many rare medicines and artifacts in our family, we don't have much gold reserves. How about each of us donating two billion as a gesture?"

"Two billion each?"

Wang Yongsan almost choked on his saliva.

This is two billion, not two million or two hundred million, but two billion! They just discussed it for a few seconds and decided to donate it. If they have so much money, how much reserve do they actually have?

Guan and Qian were indeed not very concerned about the amount of money in the outside world. Seeing Wang Yongsan's questioning response, they thought that two billion was too little.

Guan said: "Brother Wang, money is useless to us in the martial arts world. We really can't take out too much at once. Why don't you see if we can squeeze some money from other families?"

Qian also said: "Yeah, if we donate the money we squeeze to public welfare, does it count as doing good deeds?"

Wang Yongsan recovered and heard what the two said. He almost suffocated again. To do good deeds by squeezing money, this kind of thinking is really unique.

However, when it comes to martial arts families, they are indeed rich beyond imagination. They may not have much money, but every family has gold reserves. Even the down-and-out Hu family can take out hundreds of taels of gold at will, let alone other families with breakthrough experts.

Wang Yongsan does not advocate robbing the rich to help the poor, after all, money is not blown by the wind. But if Guan and Qian help, he wouldn't mind these two families squeezing others.

So Wang Yongsan intentionally misled: "Sure, as long as the money is squeezed by you, the faith power will be added to your body. But if it is unjust wealth obtained by deceit and plunder, not only will it not increase faith power, but it will also make you lose good fortune."

"We understand!"

The two were overjoyed. To squeeze money from others and do good deeds for themselves, such a good thing is naturally the best deal.

In the following time, Guan and Qian began to calculate how much money they could squeeze out.

Wang Yongsan listened by the side and was secretly shocked by the numbers they calculated. Guan could squeeze out 3 billion, while Qian was slightly less, but he could also squeeze out 1.5 billion.

"Brothers, you are too fierce! Your family only donates two billion, where can you get another 20 or 30 billion?" Wang Yongsan was a little skeptical.


Chapter 574:
Officer Guan said with a gentle smile, "Don't worry, Brother Wang. In our Lu Mountain Province, there are over sixty prominent families. We might not need all of them, but one billion should be within reach."

Qian Yongkuan also nodded and said, "Not to mention the two alliances you just joined from Jiangnan and Zhonghai, which have even more prominent families than us. Combined, they account for at least one hundred and fifty families and nearly twenty thousand martial artists. If that's not enough money, we can always exploit them."

"Wow, so many martial artists?"

Wang Yongsan said with disbelief, "With so many hidden families, how can the Supervision Department manage them all?"

It should be noted that among those who ambushed today, there were sixty martial artists at the Broken Orifices realm. However, in the entire Lu Mountain Province's civil service, there were only two martial artists at that level: Ye Qing and Ling Yunzhi.

It could be said that compared to the Supervision Department, not to mention the combined strength of all families, even a medium-sized hidden family could easily annihilate the entire martial arts Supervision Department.

Officer Guan shook his head and said, "Brother Wang, you don't know. There's a saying that goes, 'No matter how skilled you are, you still fear the kitchen knife.' Moreover, what the country holds in its hands is far more formidable than just a kitchen knife."

"And you think because Lu Mountain Province's Supervision Department lacks high-ranking martial artists, the entire country doesn't have any?"

Wang Yongsan asked, "So are all the high-ranking martial artists in the country?"

Officer Guan nodded and said, "Yes. Once a martial artist from our country reaches the sixth level of Broken Orifices realm, they enter the reserve force of the imperial court. After passing through various levels of selection, they can join the imperial court and serve. As for martial artists at or above the seventh level of Broken Orifices realm, they don't need to go through any examination. Regardless of whether they have committed any crimes, they must join the imperial court and receive unified management and benefits."

Qian Yongkuan added, "Brother Guan's elder brother is at the seventh level of Broken Orifices realm and holds a position in the imperial court. He spends his days quietly contemplating opportunities for breakthroughs, but if there's ever a rebellion, just one martial artist at the seventh level can eliminate any powerful family overnight."

The sixth level of Broken Orifices realm is already the limit for prominent families.

And according to Qian Yongkuan, there seems to be a vast gap between the seventh and sixth levels.

"






"No wonder the Guan family doesn't know how to refine medicine or make Xuan artifacts, yet they are ranked first among all hidden families. It's because they have an awesome elder brother at the seventh level of Broken Orifices realm."

Wang Yongsan thought of Chen Tianlong.

It was said that many years ago, Chen Tianlong had already reached the sixth level of Broken Orifices realm and was even in the reserve force of the imperial court, almost entering it. However, due to ancient intervention, he ultimately did not enter.

"Elders, what's the main difference between a martial artist at the seventh level and one at the sixth?"

Wang Yongsan asked the question that was on his mind.

Officer Guan answered, "The biggest difference should be that starting from the seventh level of Broken Orifices realm, one can meditate."

"Meditation?"

Wang Yongsan repeated the word.

Officer Guan nodded and said, "Yes, meditation. Because starting from the seventh level of Broken Orifices realm, one opens up the acupoints in their head. Although each breakthrough is perilous and requires facing death, once achieved, one's various senses become much sharper. It's as if..."


Chapter 575:
"It's like having superpowers?" Wang Yongsan asked eagerly.

"Yes, yes, yes."

Guan Hexi clapped his hands with a smile: "Brother Wang is right, I heard my eldest brother say that feeling, it's like having superpowers."

Guan Hexi recalled with longing: "My eldest brother said after breaking through that everything he saw seemed much slower, and even when he concentrated, the moving things in his eyes almost stopped.

He could hear insects chirping a hundred meters away,

See the sunspots on the sun,

Even, through the air flow, he could sense what movements people were making ten meters away.

In short, the predecessors of this realm could no longer be understood by ordinary people."

Wang Yongsan nodded, others might not understand what Guan Hexi said, but Wang Yongsan had experienced many of these things himself.

He couldn't help but wonder, after reaching the innate realm, should he start learning to use superpowers?

But in this world now, it was said that not even a single innate powerhouse existed, so how would his system of self-destruction give him superpowers?

If he couldn't figure it out, then he wouldn't think about it for now.

Arriving in the Western Wilderness, Wang Yongsan got off at the city hall building and said goodbye to the two old brothers.

He went upstairs.

As soon as Wang Yongsan walked in the door, he saw Lin Sisi sitting in his office, staring at the computer.

"Classmate Lin?"

Wang Yongsan greeted her, and only then did Lin Sisi come back to her senses from a state of intense concentration.

Seeing Wang Yongsan return, Lin Sisi quickly stood up and smiled: "Classmate Wang, I came to look for you because I wanted to talk about the recent issue of major illness assistance quotas. Seeing that you weren't there and your computer was still on, I sat down to take a look."

"Oh."

Wang Yongsan didn't care.

As long as Lin Sisi didn't talk to him about feelings, everything else was fine.

"What's wrong with the major illness assistance quotas? Is it because there are too many people applying and not enough money?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Lin Sisi bit her lips and said, "It's actually a little tight, but the main reason is that people from other cities have also joined in. If it were just us in the Western Wilderness, there wouldn't be any problems."

Wang Yongsan pulled out a chair and sat down, tapping the table and asking: "If we include everyone, how much money would it take in total?"

Lin Sisi stuck out her tongue playfully, "If we include everyone, it might take more than 10 billion yuan, and this is just for one year. In the future, it will be the same amount every year."

My God.

10 billion yuan, and this is just for major illness assistance.

Wang Yongsan's idea was to do various charities, not just major illness assistance, but also build hope schools and orphanages for the elderly. Calculated this way, even just hiring teachers and caregivers would not be a small sum of money.

Lin Sisi said, "Classmate Wang, charity isn't done by one person. Why don't we open an online donation channel for everyone to contribute together and do charitable work together?"

Wang Yongsan shook his head.

"No way."

"Why not?"

Lin Sisi asked.

Wang Yongsan looked at her and asked, "If we open a donation channel for everyone, will you donate?"


Chapter 576:
Linda smiled and said, "Of course. Although I don't have money, I managed to save a little by being frugal. Donating it to those in greater need is something I can do."

"That's precisely the problem," said Wang Yongsan.

"You yourself are someone who needs help, and you haven't even sorted out your own situation yet. You start thinking about saving others. If this is publicized, many people might take you as an example. At that time, those who are in difficulty and need help will have to donate money to save others. And once they choose not to donate, they will face moral pressure from others, saying that they have no compassion. Compared to them, do you think such charity is a good thing?"

"This... I really haven't thought about it before," Linda's enthusiasm waned slightly.

Wang Yongsan didn't want to discourage her and comforted her, "Miss Linda, don't lose heart just yet. Although charity donation by everyone is not feasible, public assistance can be worth trying."

"Public assistance?" Linda's eyes brightened up.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Yes, public assistance doesn't necessarily have to be through donations. It can also involve donating time and effort."

"For example?" Linda had already realized something.

Wang Yongsan answered, "For instance, if there's an elderly person without children, a lonely senior citizen, we can initiate public assistance specifically for them. Then, nearby kind-hearted people can donate their time and warmth to act as their children, spending more time with them. Isn't that much better than simply giving money?"

Linda clapped her hands happily and said, "That's right! Wang Yongsan, you are so clever."

"Hahaha, how could that be?" Wang Yongsan felt proud and continued to show off, "Moreover, we also plan to build hope primary schools. Some non-essential subject teachers can be volunteer teachers participating in public assistance. Other projects can also recruit volunteers. If we expand charity to the entire country, just the wages of these workers can be saved a lot."

Linda giggled and said, "Wang Yongsan, you're thinking too much. With our limited funds, we can only manage Xixiang well enough. Expanding nationwide is beyond our means."

"That's not necessarily true," Wang Yongsan chuckled.

The Guan and Qian families should already be raising funds. As long as they take the lead, it will be easy to involve all other influential families in charity.

Wang Yongsan intends to fabricate a story for other provinces' influential families, letting them know that their strength comes from doing more charity work and gaining the power of faith as a result.

Imagine, if there are 60 to 70 influential families in a province and they can donate 500 million yuan.

With 34 provinces across the country, that's a lot of money!

Not to mention, there are also social figures related to the underworld, like Chen Tianlong, who wouldn't possibly be stingy either.








The people Wang Yongsan brought were all at the third level of acupoint opening or higher, especially Liang Zhenye and several others he met during the last negotiation. They were even top-tier figures at the fifth level of acupoint opening.

In just one encounter, the other 20-plus people were captured by Wang Yongsan's group of 20-plus.

"Liang Zhenye, how dare you betray Xuetou?"


Chapter 577:
A Blood Skulls' Triple Orifices Piercing Cultivator angrily questioned Liang Zhenye.

“Go to your grandmother's leg!”

Liang Zhenye slapped him across the face, knocking out all his teeth, and cursed, “You bastard thing, you're about to die, yet you still dare to slander us. I'll squash you like a bug!”

He raised his hand to kill the man.

“Wait!”

Wang Yongsan shouted, stopping him.

Liang Zhenye said with a bitter face, “Alliance Leader Wang, I'm not really from Blood Skulls. Don't listen to him; he wants to sow discord between us.”

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, “You don't have to worry. Even if you were once from Blood Skulls, now that you are mine, I will protect you. But on one condition: You must not be a fence-sitter. If anyone betrays me, I can destroy them with just a thought.”

Wang Yongsan glanced around and the twenty-plus Triple Orifices Piercing cultivators immediately pledged their loyalty.

“Alliance Leader Wang, we are absolutely loyal to you!”

“Blood Skulls is an evil organization; we will never associate with them!”

“Alliance Leader Wang is our guide. Wherever you go, we will follow!”

“Alliance Leader Wang…”

“Enough, enough, enough!”

Wang Yongsan was almost suffocated by their flattery and quickly stopped them.

“Stop talking nonsense. Today, we will completely destroy this place and capture as many people as possible.”

“However, with our numbers, even if we can kill them all, we won't be able to watch over so many people. So I decided that once we capture someone, we will immediately cripple their cultivation. If they are a modified person, break both their arms and legs to render them powerless.”

“In short, prioritize your own safety. Within that framework, try to capture as many people as possible.”

“Understand?”

Wang Yongsan shouted loudly.

The Triple Orifices Piercing cultivators responded in unison, “Understood!”

“Alright, let's go!”

Wang Yongsan waved his hand, and apart from two people left to guard the area, everyone else rushed into the stone temple.

This place was indeed the Chinese headquarters of Blood Skulls, and half of the people inside were Triple Orifices Piercing cultivators or powerful modified humans.

However, under Wang Yongsan's leadership and the numerous Triple Orifices Piercing cultivators attacking, these people were no match for them.

“Freeze!”

Wherever Wang Yongsan went, the Blood Skulls members were as if they were being pressed down by a mountain, making it extremely difficult for them to even stand, let alone attack.

Then the others took advantage of this opportunity to cripple their cultivation, with specialized people throwing out the captives.

Bang bang bang bang…

One Triple Orifices Piercing cultivator after another was beaten down like a child.

Their cultivation was crippled, and their limbs were broken.

“Hahaha, with Alliance Leader Wang here, dealing with Triple Orifices Piercing cultivators is like bullying children. It's really enjoyable!”

Liang Zhenye and the others were very happy; it was more like a game than a battle.

“Is that so?”

A voice suddenly came from the front.

The voice wasn't loud, but it felt heavy when it hit people's hearts.

Wang Yongsan looked in the direction of the voice and his brows furrowed slightly.

```


Chapter 578:
"Finally, the BOSS has appeared. "

First was Qi-gazing, and before him stood a man with a physique of 37 points.

This was the strongest person Wang Yongsan had ever seen, a peerless expert at the seventh level of breaking acupoints.

"Wang Yongsan, is it? I've been waiting for you here. "

As the man approached, though also dressed in a black robe, his face was unobstructed. He appeared to be around fifty years old, but his actual age was likely much older.

"You knew I was coming?" Wang Yongsan asked.

The man chuckled, "Of course I did. Otherwise, how do you think Liang Zhenye and the others knew about our headquarters? Because they're my men, deliberately leading you here."

"You're lying!"

Liang Zhenye looked at the man and felt an indescribable pressure, but he still gathered his courage to explain, "Alliance Leader, don't listen to him. We sacrificed several experts at the breaking acupoint level to gather information here. It wasn't to help him lure you over deliberately."

Wang Yongsan remained calm, "I know that."

From the moment they arrived until now, Wang Yongsan and his companions had disabled over a hundred of their opponents. If there really was an ambush, the other side wouldn't have sacrificed so many people just to come out.

"You, a seventh-level expert at breaking acupoints, actually use such despicable methods to sow discord between us. It seems you don't take me seriously at all." Wang Yongsan sneered.

His purpose was exposed, but the man didn't seem bothered. He laughed coldly and said, "I just wanted to save some effort. But since you've seen through it, I'll have to put in more effort and eliminate you."

With that, he raised his hand and pressed it forward in an empty gesture.

A loud boom echoed.

The external release of internal energy at the seventh level of breaking acupoints was not only several times more powerful than at the sixth level, but its precision of control was also far superior to that of experts below the seventh level.

When the dust settled, there were five depressions on the ground, each over a meter deep.

These were clearly fingerprints.

While others used fists or palms to release internal energy, at the seventh level of breaking acupoints, one could even use individual fingers to release internal energy externally. Moreover, the power was far greater than that of experts at the sixth level of breaking acupoints.

"Press them down!"

Wang Yongsan controlled gravity to exert pressure on the opponent.

Unfortunately, after avoiding the attack just now, he was now thirty meters away from the other side. Not only did his mental energy consumption double, but the gravity he could control also weakened from one hundred times to only seventy times.

"Haha, is this your mysterious art? It's strange indeed, but it doesn't seem to be able to directly harm me."

The man had been observing Wang Yongsan's attack methods from the back, and now that he experienced the gravity firsthand, although he was shocked beyond words inside, his face remained indifferent.

He wanted to crush Wang Yongsan's confidence.

And indeed, he succeeded.

Facing the seventh-level expert's disdainful expression, Wang Yongsan really thought that his gravity had no significant effect on the other side.

White-gold flames danced in Wang Yongsan's eyes.

"Burn!"


Chapter 579:
As Wang Yongsan roared, a basketball-sized white gold flame suddenly appeared behind the man.

"It's useless."

The man strolled forward, taking three steps to dodge the white gold flame's burn. Then he smiled at Wang Yongsan and said, "With your seventh level of broken acupoints, you have eyes all over your body. Your attacks are no longer concealed from my senses; you're doomed to lose."








"Lin Shishi doesn't have an office, so after publicity events, she often rests in the Dao Gai Bureau's office. Wang Yongsan spoke with her for a while and, seeing no signs of her leaving, he took his leave.

Lin Shishi couldn't understand Wang Yongsan's confidence in money. However, she didn't dampen his enthusiasm and instead thought about ways to attract philanthropic investments.

Sitting in Wang Yongsan's office chair, Lin Shishi repeatedly refreshed the philanthropic fund page. Sometimes refreshing it a few times would reduce the number by tens of thousands or even more, indicating that someone had received medical assistance.

"Ah, it's all going out and nothing is coming in." Lin Shishi sighed.

An old saying comes to mind: making money is harder than eating feces, while spending it is easier than defecating. The funds in the philanthropic foundation are now like this; in just half a day, they have decreased by over 300,000 yuan. With only 80 million yuan left, at this rate, it won't last a year before the foundation runs out of money.

Lin Shishi refreshed the page again.

"Hey, the number has changed!" Lin Shishi noticed that the number was different from before but couldn't pinpoint how. She thought the frequency of applications seemed too fast; it had been less than ten seconds since she last clicked, and another application was already processed.

But when she looked closely, her mouth formed an "O" shape in surprise.

"This… this… this… increased?" Lin Shishi couldn't believe it.

Although called a philanthropic foundation, it was just a name; it wasn't a fund that could be traded and fluctuate. It was simply a pile of money that wouldn't increase unless more was added.

But now, it had increased. What does this mean? It means someone put money into it—two hundred million yuan, to be exact.

At the same time, others also noticed something strange about the philanthropic foundation. Since all information from the Dao Gai Bureau is completely public, including the funds in the philanthropic foundation and details about applicants and recipients, anyone can check it.

Philanthropic matters are widely followed, and many people were concerned about the source of funds for the Dao Gai Bureau's philanthropic foundation. As the money in it dwindled, many were eager to see how Wang Yongsan and the bureau would handle the situation.

But unexpectedly, just as it was about to drop from 80 million yuan to 70 million, it suddenly increased by two hundred million.

"My God, is the website down?"

"How could it suddenly increase by two hundred million? Is this fake accounting?"


Chapter 580:
"Too crazy, it must be Director Wang who is afraid that the money isn't enough, and he put his own money into it."

"That's right, Director Wang's family is a wealthy merchant, but they are only moderately rich. They actually put in two hundred million; Director Wang is truly great."

"My god, why isn't the donation channel opened yet? I want to follow Director Wang's steps and donate!"

"I also want to donate. Little brothers from the Road Improvement Bureau, please open the donation channel quickly!"

In an instant, the comments section of the Road Improvement Bureau's website was almost flooded.

Soon after, other websites also started discussing the issue of the Road Improvement Bureau's charity fund receiving a large amount of money from unknown sources.

At first, only a small group of people were paying attention to the amount in the charity fund. However, after this news spread, the number of people paying attention to it increased exponentially.

"My god, it really increased by two hundred million!"

"So much money, can we start nationwide aid now?"

"What's wrong with you on the top floor? Do you know how much money is needed for nationwide aid? Did your elementary school math teacher die too early?"

"Warning the top floor, your moral score might be in danger!"

"5555, my mistake. Dear brothers and sisters, please show mercy. I am a little fan of Director Wang!"

"Hehehe, just call me brother and I'll let you go."

"Everyone stop arguing. Didn't you see that the charity fund amount has increased again?"

Wow~

Increased again?

Everyone looked over and found that the amount in the charity fund had increased by another two hundred million.

Everyone was excited now.

After all, this is a charity fund; once you put money in it, it's like throwing it away. Besides gaining some reputation, there won't be any substantial return.

But even so, people are still donating two hundred million at a time, and not just once.

"It's too scary."

"The key is that the person donating doesn't even show their name."

"What are they trying to achieve?"

There were many discussions on the internet, but as time went on, these voices would only grow louder.

After the Guan and Qian families clarified their family donations, they immediately began to encourage other families to donate as well. In just a few hours, there were several donations of either millions or over a hundred million that were transferred to the fund account that Wang Yongsan provided.

The spectators were stunned.

They couldn't understand why the donations that could be famous on TV were only a few tens of thousands each time, but there were people who donated hundreds of millions anonymously.

Lin Sicong looked at the numbers displayed on the computer screen and was almost jumping with joy.

She suddenly stood up from her office chair, took off running, and wanted to tell Wang Yongsan the good news so that he would know that his charity cause had supporters.

Wang Yongsan's dormitory of the Road Improvement Bureau was not far from the municipal government building. Lin Sicong had been here several times before and knew the way like the back of her hand. She quickly found his room and then pushed the door open without hesitation.

"Uh… classmate Wang, you're video chatting with Sister Sha?"

Lin Sicong was too excited and didn't even knock before barging in.

Wang Yongsan turned around and looked at Lin Sicong, feeling a little speechless.


Chapter 581:
"Earlier, Luo Yusha had asked him and Lin Sisi if they had gotten close, her tone was calm, but Wang Yongsan could sense that Luo Yusha was just pretending to be calm; once he made a mistake in his answer, she would unleash a storm.

Sure enough, upon seeing Lin Sisi barging into Wang Yongsan's dorm without even knocking and with an excited expression on her face, Luo Yusha's expression in the video call immediately darkened.

"Lin classmate seems to be in a good mood. Is your mother's illness better?" Luo Yusha asked with a sarcastic tone.

Previously, Lin Sisi had mentioned to her that she was going to Xihai. At the time, Lin Sisi cried about her mother having cancer and needing surgery to remove a tumor. Now, seeing Lin Sisi's appearance - lively like a happy little wife - Luo Yusha had some doubts about her previous intentions.

Lin Sisi awkwardly explained, "Sister ShaSha, don't misunderstand. My mother's surgery went well, and she is recovering nicely. I came here just to discuss some work matters with Wang classmate."

"Oh? Discussing work in a single dorm room?" Luo Yusha said with a cold smile, showing her displeasure.

Wang Yongsan felt a headache coming on; dealing with women was indeed a world-class problem, especially when you have an easily jealous girlfriend. This situation made it even more challenging.








After Lin Sisi explained to Luo Yusha for a long time and Wang Yongsan also chimed in with his explanation, Luo Yusha appeared to believe what they said. However, it was clear that she still doubted whether anything had happened between them.

"Alright, I believe you both." Luo Yusha said.

Just as Wang Yongsan and Lin Sisi were relieved, Luo Yusha suddenly looked aggrieved and said, "Anyway, even if I don't believe it, what can I do? After all, certain people use any means necessary."

Wang Yongsan sighed, "Sister ShaSha, why don't you come over here too?"

Luo Yusha rolled her eyes and replied, "What would I come over for? Besides, don't I have classes to attend?"

"What are you studying for? Isn't it to benefit society? Now there is an opportunity for you to do charity work. Why are you focusing on the wrong things?" Wang Yongsan praised her and intentionally made his words sound appealing.

Unfortunately, Luo Yusha was not swayed by his flattery and instead smirked, "I'm not as great as you say. I just want to learn some skills so that I won't have trouble finding a job in the future."

"Then why don't you come over? I can pay you a salary too."

"How is that the same? You are my boyfriend, and I'm afraid people will talk."

"You are worried about what others might say, but aren't you also afraid that I will get too close to Lin classmate?" Wang Yongsan decided to be bold.

Luo Yusha had been thinking about him for several days and started to imagine things. If they continued their long-distance relationship, she would become increasingly worried. And when Luo Yusha started to imagine things, Wang Yongsan would not have an easy time either. Therefore, no matter what, it was better to bring her to Xihai.

"Sister ShaSha, come over here. Isn't a diploma just a piece of paper? Our family doesn't need the money anyway. If you are worried that dropping out will affect your reputation, doing charity work can make up for it. Besides, I miss you here too." Wang Yongsan spoke sincerely, and Lin Sisi behind him felt goosebumps rising on her skin.

However, Luo Yusha was pleased with his words and felt happy inside."


Chapter 582:
"You really miss me? I see you spend all day with Lin classmate, already happy to forget everything, right?"

Wang Yongsan raised three fingers and swore under the lamp: "Sasha, I swear, Lin classmate and I really have pure friendship, but I have to tell you honestly, besides Lin classmate, there are other girls who miss me too, and not just one, so if you really worry about me, come over quickly."

"Other women?"

Luo Yusha slightly frowned.

What Wang Yongsan said was Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo sisters. These two girls would come to the Department of Reform by themselves when they had something or nothing.

Sometimes it was to send some sugar porridge, sometimes just to come over and greet.

But Luo Yusha thought it was Wang Yongsan's many fan little sisters, after all, now there are many girls on the Internet saying they want to give birth to monkeys for Wang Yongsan, and even some girls on the website posted their own photos, asking Wang Yongsan to choose.

Although those girls were made up and even beautified, they did look like school flower level.

Luo Yusha was confident in Wang Yongsan, but she dared not be careless about this matter.

"Okay, I'll talk to my family and give you an answer in a few days."

"Okay, Sasha, talk to your family well and come over for sure."

"I know."

After Luo Yusha finished speaking, she turned off the video.

Wang Yongsan let out a sigh of relief and only then did he turn around to ask Lin Sisi, "Lin classmate, what's the matter with you making such a fuss?"

Lin Sisi stuck out her tongue and her face expression became excited again: "Classmate Wang, you don't know, someone just donated money in the public welfare fund."

"Oh."

"Don't you ask how much was donated?"

"How much was donated?"

"The first donation alone was a full two hundred million yuan." Lin Sisi's expression was so excited.

But looking at Wang Yongsan, he was calm and composed.

"Oh."

Another calm oh word, which made Lin Sisi very confused.

"Classmate Wang, do you know what two hundred million is? And this is just the first donation, when I came over just now, there had already been five donations, adding up to more than seven hundred million."

Lin Sisi thought that so much money was said by herself, Wang Yongsan should have reacted and at least be surprised.

However, Wang Yongsan just smiled and said, "Lin classmate, this is only the beginning, in the future there will be more and more money."

Just the beginning?

Wang Yongsan's words made Lin Sisi sober up.

Indeed, this is just the beginning of someone donating money, and there will definitely be more people donating in the future.

However, now that it has just started, seven hundred million yuan have already been donated, and how much will it be able to donate in the future?

Lin Sisi dared not imagine.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Classmate Lin, now that we have money, besides helping the people in the Western Wilderness, I think we can do something else, such as helping the elderly and children who have no money to go to school. What do you think?"

Lin Sisi nodded: "I think it's good."

Wang Yongsan said, "Then when you are free, think about these aspects, and also what we talked about last time, the whole people participate in the rescue, if they perform well, you can even give them some moral points as rewards, how about that?"


Chapter 583:
"Yes, you're right. Doing good deeds must have rewards, otherwise it would make people feel cold. Rewarding money is too common; rewarding moral points is much better."

Lin Shishi nodded repeatedly.

"Then you should go back to work. I'm going to rest for a while."

Wang Yongsan smiled and saw her off.

Lin Shishi only then realized that she had been in his dormitory for almost an hour. If someone with ill intentions saw her, they would definitely think that she had done something with Wang Yongsan inside.

"Then… goodbye, Wang classmate."

"Goodbye."

Lin Shishi blushed and stepped out of the door.

Wang Yongsan heard the door close properly before he relaxed.

He was really afraid that Lin Shishi would be like the Yu sisters, pestering him. But since he helped Lin Shishi save her mother last time, she had been much more polite to him. Many times, although there was still love hidden in her eyes, she rarely actually expressed it through actions.

Wang Yongsan shook his head. Since he had Luo Yusha now, it meant that he would have to let down other girls.

Three days in a row.

Luo Yusha hadn't convinced her family yet, but Lin Shishi had already listed out how to spend the money.

After Wang Yongsan looked through it, he thought it was feasible and directly announced it on the website.

In an instant, another uproar ensued.

"The Dao Reform Bureau has finally started implementing public welfare assistance nationwide."

"This time it's 'saving orphans' and 'helping students,' so not much money is needed."

"Wow, the national rescue channel has finally opened up."

"Yes, those with money can donate, and those with strength can contribute. If you do well, you'll even get moral points as rewards."

"Haha, this is truly doing good deeds to accumulate virtue."

National rescue was divided into donating money and contributing effort.

Those who contributed effort needed their profession to match, while those who donated money needed to be wealthy. Each donation had to be at least one million yuan.

The reason for doing this was to make some people who weren't very rich hesitate, so they wouldn't donate out of face and then curse behind their backs.

In short, the social response to this activity was very positive.

Wang Yongsan sat in his office chair, his mouth almost splitting into a grin.

Since the national rescue was launched, his reputation had soared by several levels, and it seemed that he would break the one billion mark before going to bed at night. Suddenly, a 'beep' sounded in his mind.








Wang Yongsan was stunned for a moment. He thought he still needed five million reputation points, so why did the 'beep' sound?

Just then, the system's prompt voice followed.

"New task released."

Oh, it was because a new task had been triggered.

Seeing that his reputation points were about to break one billion, and at this moment a new task for seeking death was triggered, it could be considered double happiness.

Wang Yongsan grinned and waited quietly for the task to be released.

"Current task: Amputation."

"Task description: As an internationally notorious evil organization, the Blood Skull's existence has always been a nightmare for the people of the world. Conducting live human experiments is only a small part of their evil deeds; they also engage in various levels of sinful activities.

As the host of the system and the embodiment of justice, your task is to cut off one of their arms and completely eradicate their headquarters in China."


Chapter 584:
"Mission requirements: 1 Completely destroy the Blood Skull headquarters in China. 2 Capture as many Blood Skull members as possible."

"Mission 1 completed, reward: 100 points of death, mission 2 completed, reward: 1 point per person below the Break Vessel level, 5 points per person above the Break Vessel level. Mission failure, all lifespan deducted."

It's another chain mission.

Wang Yongsan saw that it was a chain mission, and he knew that failure would result in the deduction of all his lifespan.

The key was, he still didn't know where the Blood Skull headquarters was, how could he go to destroy it?

"Father's pit."

Wang Yongsan just called out, and his phone suddenly rang.

Looking at it, it was a strange number.

"Hello?"

Wang Yongsan answered the phone with no good air.

A familiar voice came from the other side: "Alliance leader, it's me, Liang Zhenye."

Liang Zhenye?

Wang Yongsan oh said, "Is it Liang family leader?"

"Yes yes yes, it's me, is the alliance leader busy?" Liang Zhenye asked cautiously.

"Not busy, not busy."

Wang Yongsan was overjoyed in his heart.

The mission had just been released, and Liang Zhenye called, it seemed that he should be related to the investigation of the Blood Skull stronghold that he asked him to do.

Sure enough,

Liang Zhenye said right away: "Alliance leader, you asked us to do last time, we already have clues."

"Is that so? That's great, what are the specific news, tell me in detail."

"Yes."

Liang Zhenye agreed, and then said one by one: "You asked us to investigate the Blood Skull stronghold, our investigation shows that it should be in Atamu City, Tianzang Province."

"Do you know the specific location?"

"I know."

"How about the number of people? What is the highest combat power?" Wang Yongsan asked carefully.

This time he was going to destroy the other party himself, if there were too many experts, he would have to prepare more.

"Uh… As far as I know, there should be at least hundreds of Blood Skull members, and there are nearly a hundred Break Vessel experts alone, as well as powerful cyborgs, and the number should be even greater. As for those below Break Vessel, there is no count."

Powerful cyborgs are those with a physique of over thirty.

The strength of such cyborgs is generally at the peak of Qi Pulse or above, but slightly worse than Break Vessel experts, and they are also quite good combat power.

"A hundred Break Vessel experts?"

Wang Yongsan weighed it and said, "Okay, the combat power of the Blood Skull headquarters is not as strong as our two provinces combined. Since that's the case, let's not make too much of a fuss."

"What does the alliance leader mean?" Liang Zhenye asked.

Wang Yongsan said, "What I mean is that you Jiangnan Alliance and Zhonghai Alliance each send twenty Break Vessel Triple experts to go with me to destroy them."

"Ah?"

Liang Zhenye hesitated and said, "Just the two of us?"

Wang Yongsan's voice was unhappy and said, "What? You are atoning for your sins, or do you want the Lu Shan Alliance to also send people to accompany you? Besides, with me taking the lead in Lu Shan Alliance, isn't it better than your twenty Break Vessel Triple?"

"Yes yes yes, it's my fault, with the alliance leader here, all Blood Skull are paper tigers."

Liang Zhenye said sincerely.


Chapter 585:
Last time, a battle with Wang Yongsan made him completely convinced. Even if Wang Yongsan could be as strong as twenty people, Liang Zhenye would dare to believe it.

"Alright, let's do it like this. You should quickly count the people and gather at Zhu Song Village in two hours."

After hanging up the phone.

Wang Yongsan thought for a moment and called Ye Qing again.

"Hello, Brother Wang, what's the matter?"

Wang Yongsan said straightforwardly: "Brother Ye, can I borrow your plane?"

"Borrow the plane? What do you want to do?" Ye Qing's voice had a hint of surprise.

Wang Yongsan didn't hide it from him.

He laughed and said, "Brother Ye, we didn't just recruit the Jiangnan Alliance and the Zhonghai Alliance a few days ago? Today, let's take them out for some training and raid the headquarters of Xuetou. However, this matter needs to be kept secret. You mustn't tell anyone about it."

"Xuetou headquarters? Do you know where it is?" Ye Qing asked in surprise.

The headquarters of Xuetou was very concealed, and even many internal members needed to enter and exit with their eyes covered. Even if they were captured, they might not be able to interrogate the location of their headquarters.

Wang Yongsan said the address and reminded him again: "Brother Ye, you mustn't tell anyone. At least don't say anything today. After we capture most of them, then it won't be too late to talk about it."

Although with the help of the temple, things would definitely be much easier. However, Wang Yongsan didn't manage the temple, and the captured people wouldn't count as his merit.

Wealth is sought in danger, and each person captured is a point of life-threatening merit. How could Wang Yongsan bear to share the credit with others?

"Alright, but you must be careful. After all, it's the headquarters of Xuetou, and there must be powerful figures present." Ye Qing had no choice but to advise him.

The plane was borrowed, and it was two transport helicopters, each capable of carrying twelve people.

Wang Yongsan took the plane to Zhu Song Village and then brought the people from the other two alliances before flying towards Ata Mu City.

The plane refueled on the way, and by the time it arrived at Ata Mu City, four hours had passed.

"It's over there, that stone temple is the headquarters of Xuetou."

Liang Zhenye pointed to a somewhat dilapidated but large stone temple with a vast area on the ground.

"Land."

Wang Yongsan ordered the pilot.

The helicopter began to descend.

However, before it could land steadily, a large group of people suddenly rushed out from the stone temple.

"Who are you?"

"Come down and stand in line."

Wang Yongsan used the technique of looking at Qi to see that among the twenty or so people who came, there were five Breakthrough Realm masters and five powerful modified humans. The remaining ten or so people were all above the eighth layer of Pulse Condensation Realm.

"Five times five equals twenty, plus thirteen equals thirty-three."

"I wonder what level the powerful modified humans are at. If they're considered Breakthrough Realm, that would be great."

Wang Yongsan muttered to himself on the plane.

The others looked at him in confusion, completely unable to understand what he was calculating. However, after Wang Yongsan's next sentence, they all understood.

"Attack! Capture them alive for me!"

With Wang Yongsan's order, more than twenty Breakthrough Realm third layer masters instantly launched their attacks.
```

[Note: The original Chinese text appears to be missing the last part of the story, so I translated up until that point. If you have the complete text, please provide it for a full translation.]


Chapter 586:
The gravity control technique was not obvious, and the flame attacks were easily detected. Wang Yongsan's two major moves were both ineffective, and he was immediately trapped in a difficult situation.

"Surrender now! With your strength, if you join my Blood Skull organization, I can appoint you as the second-in-command of the Chinese region. All Blood Skull members will obey your orders. Moreover, I can kill these people, so no one will know about your Blood Skull identity. If you want to return to society, you can continue with your original identity."

"Otherwise, I will have to kill you."

The man spoke with a threatening and tempting tone.

Behind Wang Yongsan, Liang Zhenye and the others couldn't remain calm.

If Wang Yongsan really joined Blood Skull, they wouldn't have a second chance to join after betraying them.

At that time, they would truly be doomed.

"Wang Mengzhu (Honorable Leader), please don't listen to him!"

"Blood Skull members are cunning and deceitful, willing to do anything for their goals. Now he's saying nice things to you, but when you let your guard down, he will stab you in the back."

"He's just trying to buy time. He must think he can't defeat you, so he's trying to trick you."

"Don't believe him; fight him and see who wins in the end! It will definitely be him who dies."

Liang Zhenye and others desperately urged Wang Yongsan, fearing that if he spoke, it would mean their death sentence.

Wang Yongsan looked back at them, and his hesitation was evident.

Liang Zhenye and others secretly feared the worst because at such a moment, any internal hesitation meant losing half the battle.

Indeed, before they could offer more advice, Wang Yongsan suddenly took a deep breath and turned back to the man with seven layers of broken acupoints, saying solemnly: "Alright, I agree to join Blood Skull. I hope you will keep your promise."

"No, Wang Mengzhu (Honorable Leader)! You have the Punishment Art; you can kill him with just a thought. Why are you afraid of him?"

Liang Zhenye and others were almost scared to death.

The Blood Skull man laughed loudly: "Punishment Art? You actually believe such nonsense. If there really was a Punishment Art, wouldn't all of us Blood Skull members have died a hundred times over by now? You should open your eyes and see clearly."

After saying that, he waved his hand to kill all these people at once.

No matter how strong Wang Yongsan was, in his eyes, he was just a child. How much experience could a child have? A few words would be enough to deceive him.

Once all the people behind Wang Yongsan were dead, leaving only Wang Yongsan, even if it was inconvenient to move under the influence of gravity, at least he could still dodge attacks from one person.

At that time, he would be invincible and could slowly wear Wang Yongsan down until he died.

The powerful internal energy rained down on Liang Zhenye and the others like a storm, and a triumphant smile appeared on the man's face.

However, at that moment, Wang Yongsan suddenly took out a purple crystal and shouted loudly: "Lost Soul (Disoriented)."

He pretended to surrender to make the man lower his guard, and once the Inspiration Crystal was taken out, there was no way to avoid the Disoriented light attack.

A purple light shot into the man's brain, and in an instant, his eyes became briefly confused.

The internal energy he was about to unleash suddenly weakened, losing more than half of its power.


Chapter 587:
Liang Zhenye and others fought desperately, but after a series of 'kacha kacha' bone-cracking sounds, three of them were still severely injured.

The power of a single blow from the seventh level of Broken Orifices was evident.

"Ignite for me, add gravity."

The spiritual power of the seventh level of Broken Orifices was not something ordinary people could match. Soul Loss only worked for a moment before he forcibly resisted it.

However, in just a moment, Wang Yongsan had already made his attack.

A white-golden flame ignited in front of the man, and it seemed like it was about to burn his face. The man was about to dodge when suddenly, the weight on him increased dramatically. It was this brief delay that allowed the flame to burn his face.

"Aaaaaaah..."

The white-gold flame, with its temperature of over 1400 degrees Celsius, could melt even alloy. How much more so human flesh?

Even at the seventh level of Broken Orifices, he was still within the realm of humans.

"Wahahah!"

The man was truly ruthless. Seeing the flame burn his face, he directly grabbed his own face skin and tore off half of his face, including the flesh and skull.

'Whoosh~'

The face skin was separated from his body and instantly burned into ashes by the white-gold flame.

The man was in unbearable pain. With no face skin, his teeth and bones were exposed on one side of his face, staring at Wang Yongsan like a rotting zombie. It was particularly terrifying to look at.

"Bastard, you had the chance but didn't surrender to me, and now you've injured me like this. I will make sure you die today!"

The man gritted his teeth, speaking as he fiercely attacked Wang Yongsan.

At a distance of thirty meters, for ordinary martial artists at the first or second level of Broken Orifices, attacking might be inconvenient. But for someone at the seventh level, it was almost like being face-to-face with each other.

The internal energy surged out, and Wang Yongsan controlled the gravity while quickly moving his feet to dodge the scattered internal energy waves.

Boom boom boom boom boom...

A series of attacks came, and Wang Yongsan didn't even have the chance to resist.

"I will kill you, go to hell!"

The man was in a frenzy. Seeing Wang Yongsan moving quickly under the weakened gravity, he directly exploded his internal energy and launched an indiscriminate attack towards the surroundings.

Crackle crackle~

The ground was lifted by the internal energy, and flying sand and stones shot out like machine gun bullets. If someone was a little closer or not at the level of Broken Orifices, they would be shot to death just by being hit by these sand and stone bullets.

Liang Zhenye and others, with stronger cultivation, were also sent flying twenty meters away by this indiscriminate attack. A few weaker ones rolled on the ground for several rounds before stopping.

"My God, is this the strength of a seventh level of Broken Orifices?"

"Just an indiscriminate attack has such power."

"It's too terrifying; we have no chance against him at all."

Liang Zhenye and others were shocked to the core by what they saw. They admitted that even if they joined hands, they wouldn't be the opponent's match. The only one who could fight him might be Wang Yongsan.

But where was Wang Yongsan?


Chapter 588:
The flying sand and rocks had already landed,  and the dust in the air was also blown away by the fierce wind brought up by internal energy,  leaving a clear scene.  However,  there was no trace of Wang Yongsan anywhere.

”Could it be…”

Liang Zhenye suddenly remembered something and looked up at the sky in a hurry.

Sure enough,  at a height of one hundred meters above,  a small black spot was suspended there.

”It's the Buddha's Palm! ”

Liang Zhenye couldn't help but exclaim excitedly.

He had experienced the horror of Buddha's Palm firsthand,  but with Wang Yongsan's descent,  the pressure would increase geometrically.

If there was anything that could withstand the opponent's attack,  it might be Buddha's Palm.








The last time Buddha's Palm was used,  it was just a sudden idea of Wang Yongsan to play tricks.

The result turned out unexpectedly well,  and as he descended with his body,  Wang Yongsan could clearly find that his control over gravity was constantly increasing,  reaching a maximum of two hundred times the normal force.

However,

Now facing an opponent at the seventh level of breaking acupoints,  Wang Yongsan couldn't be sure that two hundred times the gravity would have any effect.

”I've consumed too much mental strength,  and escape is impossible,  so I can only try my luck and fight. ”

Wang Yongsan took a deep breath,  then turned his body around and descended headfirst towards the ground.

Hearing about Buddha's Palm,  the man also looked up at the sky.

When he saw Wang Yongsan descending headfirst towards him,  he couldn't help but let out a cold laugh.

”Faking supernatural powers,  but jumping quite high though. ”

He put his hands behind his back and waited quietly for Wang Yongsan's descent.

Since the person was already above his head,  non-warrior-level individuals couldn't borrow strength in the air.  As long as nothing unexpected happened,  Wang Yongsan would eventually fall down,  and then he could deliver a fatal blow.

At this moment,  he saw Wang Yongsan slowly stretch out his hand above his head.

”Hmm?  Is he starting to release gravity now? ”

The man noticed Wang Yongsan's action,  but he had no intention of dodging; instead,  he planned to confront it directly and eliminate the opponent with one strike.

Liang Zhenye and others all raised their heads.

Although not all of them were part of the group that went to Zhusong Village last time,  the story of Buddha's Palm had long spread like wildfire within the two alliances.  Now seeing Wang Yongsan make the same attacking gesture again,  everyone was on tenterhooks,  concentrating eagerly to witness another miraculous event.

Fifty meters,

Forty meters,

The man felt the pressure increasing more and more.

However,  it was still within his tolerance range.  As long as Wang Yongsan descended another ten or twenty meters,  he could confront the pressure and eliminate the opponent directly.

Thirty meters,

Twenty meters.

As Wang Yongsan was already within his attack range,  a cold smile appeared on the man's face.

The movement of his lips caused the movement of his facial bones,  making his smile look somewhat terrifying.

He slowly raised his hand,  and internal energy had already begun to condense within him.

However,  he suddenly found that it was extremely difficult for him to lift his arm.

”What's going on? ”

”Why did the pressure suddenly become so great? ”


Chapter 589:
Just a brief moment of distraction, Wang Yongsan had already fallen to a distance of about ten meters from the ground.

The man suddenly discovered that the pressure at this moment was so great that he couldn't even lift his arm.

He was a martial artist at the seventh level of breaking acupoints, an unparalleled expert who could hardly find a match in the world. But at this moment, he was suppressed to the point where he couldn't even lift his arm.

"No, it's impossible. I refuse to accept this."

The man growled softly, but at this moment, he couldn't even lift his head.

His legs were trembling, and perhaps in the next second, he would be forced to kneel down.

Wang Yongsan did not expect that after flying more than a hundred meters this time, the pressure multiplier he could control when landing would increase again, reaching nearly three hundred times.

Seeing that the other party had lost all resistance, Wang Yongsan still dared not be careless for a moment.

He growled and shouted:

"Enhanced version, Buddha's Palm. "

White gold flames danced in his eyes.

Under the tremendous pressure, as soon as the white gold flame appeared, it was directly pressed into the other party's body.

"Ahhhhhhhhh..."

From the man's nostrils and mouth, white gold flames shot out, and his eyes were burned into hollows.

He let out a shrill scream, and then in the next second, he fell silent.

With a loud bang, as the Buddha's Palm descended, the leader of Blood Skeleton in China was actually beaten to death without even leaving any ashes, disappearing directly between heaven and earth.

Wang Yongsan landed on the ground.

Everyone around was stunned, not only Liang Zhenye and his group, but also the people from Blood Skeleton were dumbfounded.

Their leader was a martial artist at the seventh level of breaking acupoints, an existence like a god. To be honest, he could annihilate a hundred martial artists at the second level of breaking acupoints by himself.

But this time, the other party was only at the second level of breaking acupoints, yet he managed to kill their leader in a one-on-one fight?

Although the battle had ended, these people from Blood Skeleton still couldn't believe that their leader was already dead.

They looked around, some looking up at the sky and others down at the ground, hoping to find their leader's figure in a hidden place. However, the result was self-evident.

"Dead?"

"Really dead?"

"This is too exaggerated."

Wang Yongsan had consumed a lot of mental power by using his superpower continuously.

Standing on the ground at this moment, he felt slightly dizzy.

However, he did not dare to show any signs of weakness because Liang Zhenye and his group had already been injured, while Blood Skeleton still had several martial artists at the fifth and even sixth levels of breaking acupoints.

Now that they were stunned by Wang Yongsan, if they knew that he was already exhausted, these people would definitely swarm up.

"You..."

Wang Yongsan looked around and said with narrowed eyes, "Do you want to live or die?"

The people from Blood Skeleton looked at each other.

Of course they wanted to live, but judging from the situation on the battlefield, they still had more people, so no one was in a hurry to surrender.

"It seems that you are all stubborn and unwilling to accept your fate."

Wang Yongsan sneered, and the red flames in his eyes flickered continuously.

In an instant, a cluster of flames appeared out of thin air.


Chapter 590:
"Aaaaaah, I'm on fire."

"Quickly help me put out the fire, hurry up."

"I surrender, I surrender, don't kill me."

"Please help me put out the fire quickly."

The flames that Wang Yongsan condensed could not be extinguished by conventional methods. Although the red flame had a lower temperature, if it burned for too long, it would still kill people.

Someone was begging for mercy,

Seeing this, the others only retreated continuously, but none of them dared to step forward to help put out the fire.

They were afraid that once a flame appeared on them, it would be terrible if they caught fire.

"Run quickly."

It was not known who shouted this sentence, and four or five people with broken acupoints at the fifth level turned around and were about to run away.

However,

Before they started running, a small flame ignited on the body of each person.

"I'll say it again, those who want to live should squat down and hold their heads. If you want to die, go ahead." Wang Yongsan said in a low voice.

His spiritual power was almost exhausted.

Although Wang Yongsan had points for making mistakes, he could use the spiritual crystal to practice, but he was reluctant to waste points on intelligence.

Shoo shoo shoo shoo…

All the members of the Blood Skeleton Club squatted on the ground, holding the back of their heads with both hands and not daring to move.

At the same time, a sound finally came from Wang Yongsan's mind that the task was completed.








"Ding Dong, congratulations on completing the amputation task. Reward 100 points for making mistakes."

"Congratulations on completing the capture task, reward a total of 512 points for making mistakes."

Wang Yongsan, who was already dizzy and dizzy, suddenly heard the system's prompt sound, and immediately regained his spirits.

A total of 612 points for making mistakes, this is the most points Wang Yongsan has obtained at one time so far.

"Hum, don't move if you know what's good for you. At least you can save your life. Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude."

After Wang Yongsan finished speaking, he quickly took out his phone and called Mr. Zhu.

His brain was dizzy, and after saying a few words in a hurry, he heard Mr. Zhu say that he understood, and then hung up the phone.

Tianzang Province is far away from the capital.

Mr. Zhu contacted those in power and waited for the escort personnel to fly over, it was already three hours later.

Wang Yongsan took the spiritual crystal and rested for three hours before he finally recovered some energy. Seeing that the plane landed directly on the nearby open space, he hurriedly greeted him.

"Mr. Xu, why did you come in person?"

The person coming was Wang Yongsan's acquaintance, the president of the Shaman Guild and a person in power, Xu Zhuo.

Xu Zhuo laughed loudly from a distance: "Comrade Wang Yongsan is really fearless of the tiger, and actually dared to sneak in with people to attack the lair of the Blood Skeleton Club. Fortunately, their leader was not there this time, otherwise you might have to explain it here."

"Their leader is not there?" Wang Yongsan was surprised and said, "I thought that the person at the seventh level of breaking acupoints must be the leader. It turns out that there are still more powerful people in the Blood Skeleton Club?"

A person at the seventh level of breaking acupoints almost took their lives. If there was one more, the result would be unimaginable.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but feel a little scared afterwards.

"Hmph, those who know what's good for you don't move, at least they can save their lives. Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude."

After Wang Yongsan finished speaking, he quickly took out his phone and called Mr. Zhu.

His brain was dizzy, and after saying a few words in a hurry, he heard Mr. Zhu say that he understood, and then hung up the phone.

Tianzang Province is far away from the capital.

Mr. Zhu contacted those in power and waited for the escort personnel to fly over, it was already three hours later.

Wang Yongsan took the spiritual crystal and rested for three hours before he finally recovered some energy. Seeing that the plane landed directly on the nearby open space, he hurriedly greeted him.

"Mr. Xu, why did you come in person?"

The person coming was Wang Yongsan's acquaintance, the president of the Shaman Guild and a person in power, Xu Zhuo.

Xu Zhuo laughed loudly from a distance: "Comrade Wang Yongsan is really fearless of the tiger, and actually dared to sneak in with people to attack the lair of the Blood Skeleton Club. Fortunately, their leader was not there this time, otherwise you might have to explain it here."

"Their leader is not there?" Wang Yongsan was surprised and said, "I thought that the person at the seventh level of breaking acupoints must be the leader. It turns out that there are still more powerful people in the Blood Skeleton Club?"

A person at the seventh level of breaking acupoints almost took their lives. If there was one more, the result would be unimaginable.

Wang Yongsan couldn't help but feel a little scared afterwards.


Chapter 591:
Xu Zhuo was stunned for a moment and asked, "What did you say? What is Break Vein Seventh Layer?"

Wang Yongsan said, "It's nothing. It's just that a Break Vein Seventh Layer person came out to cause trouble earlier, and almost wiped us out. I thought he was the leader."

Among those who came with Xu Zhuo, there was one more person.

Hearing this, he couldn't help furrowing his brows and asked, "You mean you were fighting against someone from the Break Vein Seventh Layer just now?"

Wang Yongsan nodded and said, "Yeah."

The person who came with Xu Zhuo was burly and looked a bit like a butcher, but he was actually at the Break Vein Eighth Layer, a more powerful existence than the Blood Skull leader just now.

At this moment, he glanced around and exclaimed in surprise, "It's indeed a battle at the Seventh Layer level, even surpassing it. But how can you, a mere Break Vein Second Layer, kill someone at the Seventh Layer?"

Xu Zhuo was also taken aback when he heard his companion say this.

He hurriedly asked, "Old He, what are you talking about? Could it be that the Blood Skull leader was here today and killed by Xiaowang?"

Old He shook his head and said, "I'm not sure about that. However, the scene here is not something a few Break Vein Sixth Layer people could cause. There must have been someone at the Seventh Layer involved."

Xu Zhuo took a deep breath.

Then he asked Wang Yongsan, "Xiaowang, you killed someone at the Break Vein Seventh Layer just now?"

Wang Yongsan nodded and said shyly, "It was hard to kill him. Since you're here now, Mr. Xu, I have a question I want to ask you."

In today's battle, although Wang Yongsan won in the end, he discovered a very serious problem.

His trump card now was two superpowers.

Admittedly, White Gold Flame could burn to death any enemy, even someone at the Break Vein Seventh Layer.

However, generating White Gold Flame required about half a second. Although ordinary people couldn't react in time, once one reached the Break Blood realm, it was easy to sense the rapid increase in temperature around and avoid the place where the flame would be generated.

Earlier, Wang Yongsan could still use the 'Soul Loss' from the Crystal of Inspiration to generate flame.

But after reaching the Break Vein Seventh Layer, with the development of head acupoints, his five senses became more acute, and his spiritual power also grew much stronger. The 'Soul Loss' from the Crystal of Inspiration was no longer enough to confuse his opponent until the flame was generated.

So, Wang Yongsan was very puzzled.

If his instant cast of martial arts couldn't easily kill the opponent, and Xu Zhuo and others needed to chant incantations, releasing martial arts much slower than him, how could they kill anyone?

After Wang Yongsan finished asking his question, Xu Zhuo couldn't help laughing.

"Xiaowang, do you know that in terms of attack power alone, one mage can be equal to ten people at the Break Vein Seventh Layer?" Xu Zhuo asked.

Wang Yongsan sighed and said, "I know that, but even if the power is great, what's the use if you can't hit anyone?"

"Then I ask you, why can't you hit anyone?" Xu Zhuo asked again.

Wang Yongsan answered without hesitation, "Because people at the Break Vein Seventh Layer and above react very quickly. Before my flame is generated, they have already dodged."

"But what if your flame's area is so large that they can't dodge?"

```
[Note: The Chinese text provided appears to be incomplete. The translation above is based on the available content, but it does not include the full context or conclusion of the conversation.]
```


Chapter 592:
Xu Zhuo's words were like a thunderbolt, illuminating Wang Yongsan's mind.

However, Wang Yongsan still had doubts.

"But Mr. Xu, the bigger the flame you condense, the more spiritual power it consumes. The speed of breaking through to the seventh level is so fast, how big a flame do you need to condense? My spiritual power won't be enough to use."

"If it's not enough, then train more."

Xu Zhuo smiled and said, "Do you know that I entered the realm of breaking through at thirty-six years old, and it has been thirty-five years since then. It took almost half of my life to cultivate to this level. You are still young, why are you in such a hurry?"

At thirty-six years old, entering the realm of breaking through was already considered extremely talented.

However, even such a genius spent thirty-five years to increase his physique to 35 and intelligence to 39.

Xu Zhuo looked at Wang Yongsan with a smile and continued, "I can feel that you have a top-grade awakening crystal on you. Even if you join our guild, I will only give you a top-grade awakening crystal. But I still have to say that the cultivation of martial arts should focus on mental state. If you want to quickly improve your martial arts strength, it is best to join our guild of mages. I will provide you with a place for cultivation and meditation, and your cultivation speed at that time will be several times faster than it is now."

Wang Yongsan scratched his head and said, "Forget it, I don't like being restricted."

Xu Zhuo laughed and said, "Alright, I respect your decision. But if you change your mind one day, remember to come and find me."

"I will."

Wang Yongsan nodded, his mind filled with thoughts of Hua Shengnan.

Last time, Hua Shengnan accidentally became a Puppet Cat cultivator and her intelligence unexpectedly increased to 40 points.

Considering that Xu Zhuo, the president of the Mage Guild, had an intelligence of only 39 points, and Wang Yongsan's own intelligence had barely reached 30 after cultivating with the awakening crystal for so many nights, and it hadn't moved much since then.

However, Hua Shengnan just underwent a transformation and far surpassed these people.

"Maybe I should ask Dr. Le and the others to try researching a gene potion that increases intelligence, it might have unexpected effects." Wang Yongsan thought to himself.








The complete annihilation of the Blood Skull headquarters in China caused quite a stir internationally.

Especially since it was done by a young man who was not yet twenty years old, young enough to be astonishing.

Because of this incident, Wang Yongsan's name was first introduced from China to the world.

However, Wang Yongsan didn't pay any attention to these things.

After saying goodbye to Xu Zhuo and the others, the first thing he did when he returned to Western Wilderness was to look for Dr. Le.

"Director Wang, you're here."

When the guarding dog cultivator saw Wang Yongsan, he quickly stood up and greeted him.

Wang Yongsan nodded at him and asked, "Where is Dr. Le? Is he still doing experiments?"

Upon hearing this, the cultivator apologized and said, "Yes, Dr. Le is a Dolphin cultivator with two brains. He spends all day doing experiments and can only rest for an hour a day at most. If you have something urgent to find him, you can ask the mouse cultivator inside. He often goes in and out of the laboratory and can help you pass a message to the doctor."

</div>


Chapter 593:
"No need, is Dr. Yuan here? I can also look for him."

Wang Yongsan just wanted to share his thoughts on gene research. It didn't matter whether he found Dr. Yue or Dr. Yuan.

"Dr. Yuan has already gone home. I heard he won't be back for a week; it's only been three days so far."

"He went home?"

Wang Yongsan slightly furrowed his brow.

Dr. Yuan had asked him to help clear his name before, and Wang Yongsan had sought the help of Ye Qiong at that time. Since he dared to go home now, it seemed Ye Qiong had everything settled on his end.

"Alright then, I'll go in and wait."

Wang Yongsan entered the house, and the cyborgs inside greeted him warmly upon seeing his arrival.

Although Wang Yongsan had something to discuss with Dr. Yue, he wasn't in a hurry. Moreover, he knew Dr. Yue's temperament; if he was disturbed while conducting experiments, he would get very angry. Wang Yongsan was a polite person and wouldn't do anything to annoy others.

When Wang Yongsan returned to Xixiang, it was already almost dark outside.

This time, he waited for another four hours. By the time Dr. Yue finally emerged from his laboratory, it was already midnight.

"Hey, Xiao Wang, why are you here?"

Dr. Yue spotted Wang Yongsan at a glance and greeted him with a cheerful smile.

Wang Yongsan said helplessly, "Dr. Yue, you may not need to sleep, but don't you have to eat? And if you never rest, how can your body keep up with the energy demands?"

Dr. Yue laughed heartily, "Who said I don't rest? Conducting experiments is my form of relaxation. As for eating, one meal a day is enough. Eating three or five meals a day would waste so much time!"

Faced with this, Wang Yongsan truly didn't know what to say.

"Oh right, did you come looking for me because of something?" Dr. Yue asked.

Wang Yongsan nodded and asked in return, "How are your recent experiments going? Have you made any progress?"

Dr. Yue frowned and said, "There has been some progress, but it's not practical. You should know that humans have only 23 pairs of chromosomes, and we spent a great deal of effort expanding it to 24 pairs. However, in reality, less than one percent of our genes are truly under our control; the rest is just our bodies doing their own thing..."

Dr. Yue went on and on without stopping once he started talking about these technical subjects.

Wang Yongsan couldn't understand a word but still put on a strained smile, waiting for Dr. Yue to finish speaking.

However, after waiting for more than half an hour, Dr. Yue showed no sign of stopping.

Suddenly, the sound of an alarm clock rang out.

Dr. Yue abruptly stopped speaking and then smiled at Wang Yongsan before saying, "I'm sorry, I have to go conduct my experiments now. You can stay here and enjoy yourself; I'll be leaving first, okay?"

"Oh, goodbye."

Wang Yongsan suddenly remembered that he had come here for a specific reason. Now, after listening to Dr. Yue's introduction on genes without saying a word, how could he bear to leave like this?

"Wait, Dr. Yue, don't go yet." Wang Yongsan grabbed hold of Dr. Yue.

"Do you have something else to say?" Dr. Yue seemed a bit anxious. He was that kind of person who strictly adhered to his schedule and would immediately go conduct experiments once it was time.

Wang Yongsan said, "Of course I do; it's about the direction of your experiments."


Chapter 594:
"Oh? This is new and interesting? You also know about experiments?" Dr. Le became interested.

Wang Yongsan said, "I don't know about experiments, but I have a hypothesis that might give you a new direction for your research."

Next, Wang Yongsan explained his idea about the intellectual gene evolution potion to Dr. Le.

Dr. Le initially listened as if it were a joke, but the more he heard, the more he felt there was potential. By the end, his brows were deeply furrowed, and he was concentrating on thinking about the feasibility of such an experiment.

"Alright, Dr. Le, these are my ideas. If you think there's a chance, why not give it a try?" Wang Yongsan said after finishing his thoughts and then smiled.

Dr. Le's expression turned serious as he said, "Xiao Wang, your words from an outsider have made me have a sudden insight. If this intellectual gene evolution potion is successfully developed, there will definitely be your share of the credit."

"Hahaha, as long as it succeeds, the credit is nothing important," Wang Yongsan said politely.

With a new goal in mind, Dr. Le immediately began preparations for the experiment.

Wang Yongsan, on his own, walked out of the old orphanage's gate and checked into a nearby hotel.

He just felt that it was too late, and although he stayed in a single room, there were other members of the Dao Gai Bureau resting nearby. If he disturbed them, it would be somewhat immoral.

However, he didn't expect that staying out for one night would bring him a small trouble.

The next day,

After checking out, Wang Yongsan took a taxi to the Dao Gai Bureau office.

Opening the door,

As soon as Wang Yongsan stepped into the office with one foot, he saw two sharp gazes staring at him.

"Hey, ShaSha, when did you come?"

"And Lin classmate, why didn't you tell me when ShaSha came?"

Wang Yongsan felt that Luo Yusha's expression was off, but he had no idea what happened.

After thinking carefully, he realized that recently he had been well-behaved, and even the number of times he spoke closely with female friends was very limited. It was unlikely that he had offended Luo Yusha.

"Humph, I came yesterday afternoon and stayed at your dormitory for a night." Luo Yusha said with an unfriendly expression.

Wang Yongsan heard this and knew that something had gone wrong.

Last night, he didn't stay in the dormitory, and Luo Yusha couldn't wait for him, so she would naturally imagine things.

"Haha, ShaSha, let me explain, actually last night I went to Dr. Le's place."

"Really?"

"Of course it's true, why would I lie to you?"

"You went to Dr. Le's place, and stayed until what time?"

"It was around twelve o'clock. I felt it was too late and didn't want to disturb others, so I stayed in a hotel outside. ShaSha, you don't believe me, do you?"

Wang Yongsan said everything truthfully without any falsehoods.

But a man staying at a doctor's place until midnight, and then choosing to stay in a hotel outside even though he had a single room?

Any normal person wouldn't believe such a coincidence.








"Classmate Wang, why don't you tell ShaSha the truth? In fact, ShaSha has already prepared herself. You keep lying like this, and she will only be more hurt."

Lin Shishi whispered softly beside him.


Chapter 595:
She also thought that Wang Yongsan had gone out to hang out with people last night.

Wang Yongsan wanted to cry but had no tears, and he said to Lin Sisi: "Lin classmate, don't make trouble here, okay? Don't you know what kind of person I am? If I were that casual, the first person I should have approached would be you."

Lin Sisi thought about it, and there seemed to be nothing wrong with what he said.

Because Wang Yongsan had rejected her, Lin Sisi began to doubt her own charm. But in fact, she was the school's recognized school flower.

But…

"Maybe it's those twin sisters, how can ordinary men resist the temptation of twins?"

Lin Sisi was talking about Yu sisters.

Luo Yusha didn't know the existence of Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo sisters, and when she heard this, she immediately asked: "Sisi, what's going on with the twins?"

Lin Sisi said: "I'm not very clear either. There are two particularly beautiful and gentle sisters who are younger than us and listen to me very well. They come over to find Wang classmate from time to time, and their behavior is quite intimate."

Luo Yusha's eyes almost ignited with fire.

Wang Yongsan quickly explained: "Shasha, it's all a misunderstanding. Those two sisters just want to repay me. It's definitely not what Lin classmate said."

"Misunderstanding? Why do you always want me to misunderstand?"

Luo Yusha angrily said: "I don't care if it's a misunderstanding or not. You call them over for me. I want to hear what they have to say in person."

Wang Yongsan was really suffering.

The Yu sisters were clearly trying to serve her, not to repay him. If he really called the two sisters over, it would definitely be exposed.

"Shasha, although they always want to repay me, I refuse in my heart, so I don't know how to contact them."

Wang Yongsan was fabricating nonsense when suddenly there were two almost synchronized girl voices behind him.

"Hey, Young Master Wang is here today?"

As soon as Wang Yongsan heard this voice, his head immediately became big.

Luo Yusha also heard the gentle voices of the two girls, and while her heart was filled with frustration, she quickly ran from the room to the door and pushed Wang Yongsan away.

Splash~

When Luo Yusha saw the appearance of the two girls in front of her, she was also amazed by their beauty and obedience.

For some reason, Luo Yusha's heart suddenly rose with a strange idea.

She actually wanted to take the twin sisters as her own.

"These are the twins?"

Luo Yusha shook her head, and she forcibly pushed the shameful thought out of her mind before asking Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan nodded: "They are called Yu Qingcheng and Yu Qingguo, sisters of the Yu family. Because I saved their grandfather, they wanted to serve me."

Luo Yusha gave Wang Yongsan a stern look.

She didn't even ask about the details. Wang Yongsan mentioned saving people, which was clearly giving information to the twin sisters right in front of her.

Although she had a momentary absurd thought just now.

But she clearly knew that the twin sisters in front of her were a pair of enemies on her emotional journey.

```


Chapter 596:
So she calmed her mind and asked the two sisters, "Is everything he said true?"

The two sisters exchanged a glance and then looked at Wang Yongsan with questioning eyes.

Wang Yongsan nodded to them, and only then did the two women speak in unison, "The young master's words are true. There is no distinction between truth and falsehood for us. The young master's words are the ultimate truth that cannot be doubted."

Rolling her eyes, Luo Yusha asked, "What kind of nonsense are you talking? Truth is truth, and falsehood is falsehood. What do you mean there's no distinction between them?"

Wang Yongsan also chimed in, "Yu sisters, this is my girlfriend. Please answer more seriously when you speak to her, okay?"

As he spoke, Wang Yongsan winked at them.

Seriously?

The Yu sisters didn't understand what Wang Yongsan meant.

Strictly speaking, although they were sixteen years old, due to the special education in their family, their mental maturity was somewhat lacking.

Therefore, after much hesitation, they didn't know what Wang Yongsan wanted them to say.

So, they decided to tell the truth, thinking that this should count as being serious.

Sister Yu Qingcheng spoke first, softly saying, "Elder sister, we are the ninth generation direct descendants of the hidden Yu family. Due to some conflicts, our grandfather and great-grandfather offended the young master. However, the young master is magnanimous and forgave our grandfather and great-grandfather. The Yu family has no way to repay this kindness, so we were instructed to serve the young master by our sides. We are his in life and his in death."

"What the heck? 'We are yours in life and yours in death'? Do you even know what you're saying?"

Wang Yongsan was completely defeated by these two sisters.

He had clearly told them that Luo Yusha was his girlfriend and even given them hints.

But what kind of answer is this? Isn't this just looking for trouble?

On the other hand, Luo Yusha was completely dumbfounded.

Girls tend to watch more TV shows than boys, such as youth romance, Korean dramas, and historical dramas.

Since they met earlier, Luo Yusha felt that these two girls had a familiar aura. Now it seemed they were like the maidservants in historical dramas.

"Hidden Yu family? Are they from a feudal family?"

Luo Yusha asked Wang Yongsan.

Wang Yongsan nodded, "Pretty much. At least they received feudal education."

"That's too despicable!"

Luo Yusha suddenly shouted, almost scaring Wang Yongsan out of his wits.

Lin Shishi also stepped forward to console her, "Sister Sha, don't be angry. If what they said is true, I think Yongsan didn't do anything wrong in this matter."

"I know."

Luo Yusha said indignantly, "I'm not blaming Yongsan; I'm blaming the Yu sisters' family. In this modern society, they still follow feudal customs? They treat their own women like goods to be given away. The Yu family is absolutely unforgivable!"

Bang bang.

As soon as Luo Yusha finished speaking, the Yu sisters knelt on the ground.

"What are you doing?"

Luo Yusha was at a loss and quickly went to help them up.

Lin Shishi also helped the other one.


Chapter 597:
However, the two of them were just ordinary people, while the Yu sisters were peak-level martial cultivation prodigies. No matter how much Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi supported them, the two women did not want to get up, and they could not pull them.

"Sister, spare our lives. It was our sisters' fault. Please do not take it out on our family."

The Yu sisters said with tearful voices.

They were educated that the family's interests came first, and for their family, they could serve as slaves or even sacrifice their lives.

When they heard Luo Yusha's angry words and knew her relationship with Wang Yongsan, the two sisters naturally assumed that it was their words that made Luo Yusha angry.








Luo Yusha did not expect the Yu sisters to kneel down to her. With her modern thinking, such a grand gesture was something that ordinary people could not bear.

She and Lin Shishi supported them for a long time but failed to lift them up, so they could only promise first: "Alright, alright. I won't kill your whole family. You should get up now."

After saying that, Luo Yusha laughed by herself.

She was just a college student who had just dropped out, and saying such words about killing someone's family was indeed quite funny.

The Yu sisters only stood up again after that.

They said in unison, "Thank you, sister."

Luo Yusha nodded. The two women in front of her were too difficult to deal with. They didn't play tricks on you or compete openly and secretly; they just lowered their stance, making it difficult for you to hit them but also hard to scold them.

Moreover, Luo Yusha felt a bit pitiful for the Yu sisters.

However, pitiful as they were, she couldn't let them have her boyfriend.

She glanced at Wang Yongsan and coughed twice before asking the Yu sisters, "If I'm not mistaken, you two should be here because of your family and don't like my boyfriend, right?"

The Yu sisters looked at each other and lowered their heads to reply, "No, we really like the young master too."

"Hmm?"

"Really?"

Luo Yusha's expression was unkind, and anyone with some street smarts could tell the dissatisfaction in her tone.

Unfortunately for them, the Yu sisters were not street smart; they naively thought that Luo Yusha was just trying to confirm if the two of them really liked Wang Yongsan.

So they both answered, "In response to sister's question, we sisters genuinely like the young master. He is not only powerful but also kind-hearted. Qingcheng has been with the young master for these days and heard many stories about him. Everyone respects him and even worships him. If we can serve the young master by his side, it would be our greatest wish. How could we have any second thoughts?"

Wang Yongsan rubbed his forehead with an expression of helplessness.

Lin Shishi looked at her with sympathy.

Luo Yusha was like a mute eating bitter lemons; she had no way to express her grievances.

She had already given the Yu sisters a chance, but these two beautiful women were not street smart and said things to this extent; she really couldn't get angry with them.

In the end, it was Wang Yongsan who had to step in and explain to the Yu sisters: "Why don't you understand what my girlfriend means? As long as you say that you don't like me, you can go home. There will be no trouble for your family then."

The Yu sisters were puzzled: "Why would our family be in trouble if we don't like you? Isn't it good for us to treat the young master sincerely?"

</div>


Chapter 598:
"Of course not."

Wang Yongsan sighed: "In short, you say you don't like it."

The Yu sisters were confused: "Then... okay, we don't like the young master."

Luo Yusha rolled her eyes.

She wasn't the kind of person who could be satisfied with just a verbal statement, and these two women obviously still liked Wang Yongsan. What was the use of getting an answer that didn't match their hearts?

"Sister Shasha."

Lin Shishi whispered softly.

Luo Yusha looked at her: "What's wrong?"

Lin Shishi hesitated for a moment before whispering, "I think these two girls don't understand what love is. They are entangled with Wang because of their family background. Even if they like him, it should be a very simple kind of liking. I don't think you need to be too angry."

Luo Yusha laughed: "Did I get angry? I'm angry with my own boyfriend for attracting bees and butterflies all day long, making me worry."

Lin Shishi smiled: "That just shows that your boyfriend is charming, doesn't it?"

Wang Yongsan listened quietly beside him and made grateful gestures to Lin Shishi.

"Sister Shasha, I think they are so pitiful. The Yu family treats them like goods. If you drive them away, the Yu family will probably give them to someone else again. If they are not happy in the future, with Sister Shasha's kindness, you will feel guilty too, right?"

Lin Shishi's words hit the heart of Luo Yusha.

Luo Yusha was a very kind woman.

If it wasn't for her consideration for the Yu sisters' despicable family members, with her jealous personality, she would have driven the two girls out of the house long ago. How could she have talked so much nonsense with them?

The reason why she asked the two girls if they liked Wang Yongsan was actually to hear them say that they didn't like it, so she could turn a deaf ear and keep them. It wasn't what Wang Yongsan thought, that she would drive the two girls away.

As a woman who also liked Wang Yongsan, Lin Shishi could understand what Luo Yusha was thinking, so she said such words.

"Alas."

Luo Yusha was really troubled and said to Lin Shishi, "You see how they look. They can be called a disaster to the country and the people. Moreover, they are so obedient and docile. How can any man resist such an attraction? I'm afraid of raising a tiger!"

Lin Shishi nodded and thought for a moment: "Why don't you think about taking them in?"

"Hmm?"

Luo Yusha widened her eyes.

Her face turned a little red, thinking that Lin Shishi had seen something.

Lin Shishi didn't think of Luo Yusha's strange thoughts just now. Seeing Luo Yusha's very surprised expression, she then smiled and said: "Don't get the wrong idea, Sister Shasha. We talked about it last night that we would help Wang manage the charity together in the future, right? I mean, since we can't handle it alone anyway, why not bring them along too? This way they will be tied to us and under our watchful eyes, there shouldn't be any problems, right?"

"That's a good idea."

Luo Yusha thought about it and felt that there was no better way than this for the time being.


Chapter 599:
She asked the opinion of the Yu sisters, and both sisters were confused but understood that Luo Yusha was the "big wife", the "official wife". So whatever Luo Yusha said, they would nod along.

Lin Shishi had interacted with the Yu sisters a few times and had some good feelings towards them. Seeing that they were left behind, she was also quite happy.

"Sister Shasha, why don't we simply organize a beauty charity group? Girls are naturally more compassionate than men. I even have the recruitment slogan ready: 'Beautiful in appearance, kind at heart - The Women's Charity Group welcomes your participation.' What do you think?"

Luo Yusha rolled her eyes: "I see that you have ulterior motives and want to play a roundabout way of saving the nation, right?"

However, although she said so, Luo Yusha began to consider Lin Shishi's proposal.

Wang Yongsan sighed in relief. This time, it was really thanks to Lin Shishi. From Lin Shishi's performance today, she had indeed given up on pursuing him; otherwise, there should not have been any girls trying to attract beauties towards her favorite man. Even if these beauties were not necessarily her rivals, they would definitely not like it.

Humming. At this moment, Wang Yongsan's phone rang.

"Hello, Brother Ye." Wang Yongsan walked to the corner of the room and only answered the call after entering the room.

"Brother Wang, where are you? I'm in Xihang now; let's meet up." Ye Qing said on the phone.








Wang Yongsan's face lit up with joy: "Brother Ye is in Xihang now? Where are you?"

"Just entered the city. How about you?" Ye Qing asked.

Wang Yongsan replied, "I'm in the office right now, on the seventh floor of the Municipal Committee Building. Are you coming over? Or should I pick you up?"

"Wait for me there, I'll be right there."

"Alright."

After hanging up the phone, Wang Yongsan greeted Luo Yusha and the others.

Luo Yusha and Lin Shishi were still discussing the "beauty charity group" matter; upon hearing this, they simply nodded without paying much attention.

Wang Yongsan went downstairs and stood at the door waiting.

About ten minutes later, an Audi A8 stopped in front of the Municipal Committee Building. Ye Qing got out of the car and, upon seeing Wang Yongsan, widened his eyes in surprise: "My goodness, Brother, you're too amazing! How did you advance again after just a few days?"

The last time they met was at the Tianchi Club in Linjiang, when Wang Yongsan had just broken through to the Breakthrough Realm. Now it's been less than a month, and Wang Yongsan is already at the second level of Breakthrough Realm.

Wang Yongsan chuckled. With over 700 points of reckless behavior credits on him, if it weren't for worrying that the hidden person would suspect he was advancing too quickly, he should have been at the fourth level of Breakthrough Realm by now. Ye Qing would be even more shocked then. After all, each small realm in the Breakthrough Realm is slower to improve than a major realm like Washing Meridians.

"Brother Ye, are you here for a vacation?" Wang Yongsan changed the topic.

Ye Qing sighed: "When do I have time to play? This time, I came specifically looking for you."

"Looking for me?" Wang Yongsan asked with a smile, "Not another trouble, right? I haven't done anything recently."

Ye Qing shook his head and said, "This time it's not trouble you caused, but the matter is related to you. Or rather, it's closely connected to every martial artist in our country."


Chapter 600:
```
Wang Yongsan immediately understood.

His eyes became sharp, and he asked in a deep voice: "Is it foreigners causing trouble?"

Ye Qing nodded.

There were people coming and going around, not many, but continuous in small numbers.

Wang Yongsan looked around and called out to Ye Qing: "Ye Ge, this is not a place to talk. Let's go to my office and discuss it."

"Okay."

Ye Qing followed him upstairs.

Once in the office, Wang Yongsan first introduced Ye Qing to everyone inside.

Luoyu Sha had met Ye Qing before and knew he was a big shot, so Wang Yongsan mainly introduced him to Lin Shishu and the Yu sisters.

"Shasha, Ye Ge and I have some important business to discuss. You guys go outside for a while."

"Okay."

Luoyu Sha was the kind of woman who could handle both formal and domestic affairs. Every time Wang Yongsan had serious business, she would behave gracefully and appropriately.

She invited Lin Shishu and the Yu sisters, and the four women left the office together.

Wang Yongsan let Ye Qing sit down first before sitting across from him.

"Ye Ge, what happened?"

Ye Qing chuckled and said: "I have two pieces of news this time, one good and one bad. Which one do you want to hear first?"

"Um... Let's start with the bad one then."

Wang Yongsan chose the bad news, thinking he would be prepared mentally.

Ye Qing's expression turned serious as he said, "The bad news is that because of our country's and your own genetic research results, which have far surpassed those of other countries and forces, now led by the US, other countries and forces are demanding we share our genetic research process to collectively promote human evolution."

"F*ck, these bastards are too shameless!"

Wang Yongsan cursed immediately.

While it's said to promote human evolution collectively, it's actually a sneaky way of taking what they want.

"Ye Ge, how many forces have contacted them?" Wang Yongsan asked.

If there weren't too many forces involved, Ye Qing wouldn't have called it bad news. Wang Yongsan felt that since Ye Qing mentioned it, the situation must be more challenging for the country to handle.

Sure enough, Ye Qing sighed and said, "Almost all the major forces in public have joined in, and their attitude is very firm."

The production line for gene potions takes time to set up, even though the raw materials aren't expensive. Even if the country rushes production, there probably won't be too much produced yet.

Moreover, if it escalates to a national level, ordinary Breakthrough Realm One won't be very effective.

The gene potion can make those above the Eight Meridians Realm directly break through to Breakthrough Realm One, but it won't work on those already at the Breakthrough Realm. Thus, its effectiveness is limited.

"Ye Ge, how does the country plan to respond?"

"I'm not sure about the specifics, but from what my father-in-law said, the government should be planning to stall them first and continue developing the second generation potion privately. They hope to create a gene potion suitable for our Breakthrough Realm martial artists to use. By then, even if we give them these preliminary results, it won't matter much and can serve as a smokescreen to confuse them."

Wang Yongsan nodded.

Having more Breakthrough Realm One is just forming an elite force, while those at the Seventh Layer and above are strategic assets.
```


Chapter 601:
It's like a special forces unit might be strong, but it can't compare to the power of a nuclear bomb. Only when there are many experts at or above the seventh layer of breaking acupoints can they pose a deterrent to other forces.

"So, what's the good news?"

Wang Yongsan widened his eyes and guessed, "The good news isn't that you want to give our court the results of your genetic research, right?"

"Uh, not exactly."

Ye Qing felt a little embarrassed.

To be precise, the research results of the country have always lagged behind Wang Yongsan's side. It was the research results obtained by Wang Yongsan from Luo and yuan doctors that enabled the country's research to progress rapidly.

However, the research results of the country are not convenient to be released casually.

The main reasons for this are that the research institute of the court wants to maintain its face and does not want Wang Yongsan to continue to dominate alone. The other reason is that they are afraid that Wang Yongsan will not be able to protect these results and will be snatched away by others.

In fact, Wang Yongsan used the banner of the court and formed cliques with genetic drugs. The court did not clarify, which is already a secret support for Wang Yongsan.

"The good news is..."

Ye Qing smiled and said with a grin, "Brother Wang, you may enter the court soon."

"Ah?"

Wang Yongsan was startled.

What is the court?

That's the highest power in China!

Generally speaking, people from Jianghu must at least break the acupoints to enter the seventh layer, or is it because I killed the person in charge of Blood Skull China District who broke the acupoints to seventh layer, so I was absorbed by the court?

Wang Yongsan thought wrong.

Ye Qing continued, "Brother Wang's Dao Reform Bureau has developed rapidly and now has a great social influence. Moreover, from various data points of view, Xiwang has achieved a good turnaround in all aspects this quarter, and the rise is very large, especially in criminal activities. The number of criminal acts in Xiwang has decreased by 90% in the past few months."

"So, the court intends to change the Dao Reform Bureau into a Dao Reform Department, and you, instead of being Wang Ji, may become Minister Wang in the future."








"Minister Wang?"

Wang Yongsan widened his eyes with joy.

Civil servants are divided into ranks, below the court is the department level, and some more important departments may also enter the court.

Before Wang Yongsan was just a city bureau director, and his official rank was only deputy department level. If he became a ministerial level, it would be a promotion of five levels!

"Brother Ye, I should be the first one in history, right?" Wang Yongsan asked.

Ye Qing smiled and said, "Pretty much, at least you must be the first one after the peaceful era."

Wang Yongsan felt happy inside.

I never thought that my random actions, in order to complete the task of making trouble, might eventually become a ministerial leader.

But after calming down, Wang Yongsan thought of other issues.

"Brother Ye, the court is so generous to me, isn't there any dangerous task for me?"

There is no free lunch in the world. The court promotes Wang Yongsan so vigorously, combined with the current joint demands for genetic drugs from outside, Wang Yongsan can't help but think too much.


Chapter 602:
"Ye Qing pondered, 'It shouldn't come to that, but there's definitely an intention to win you over. After all, compared to your current strength, your rate of improvement is the most terrifying. It's possible that the new gene serum hasn't even been developed yet, and you've already reached the peak of breaking through the acupoints.'

"In fact, you might be the first congenital in hundreds of years."

Congenital—it had been a long time since anyone reached that level.

Historical records indicated that once someone achieved congenital, whether they were a martial artist or an adept, they could fly through the sky and move freely across the land. They were capable of anything.

Hearing the words 'congenital,' Wang Yongsan felt his blood boil.

He was currently at the second level of breaking through the acupoints, and if he used all his 'death-seeking points,' he would reach the fourth level. The distance to congenital didn't seem that far anymore.

"Brother Ye, you came here just to tell me these two good and bad pieces of news?" Wang Yongsan suddenly asked.

Ye Qing's expression turned serious as he looked at Wang Yongsan and said earnestly, "Brother Wang, I've heard that the secret of you providing gene research materials to the imperial court might have been leaked. Now, foreign forces are joining negotiations in the capital and have brought quite a few experts with them. All our country's experts above the seventh level of breaking through the acupoints are gathered in the capital. What if they send a few people to look for you…"

Ye Qing didn't finish, but Wang Yongsan understood what he was implying.

If someone really came to cause trouble, then in the Western Wilderness, he would be alone.

"Brother Ye, is your information reliable?" Wang Yongsan clenched his fists.

He wasn't afraid of strong enemies, but he was worried about causing other regrets because of this.

Lu Yusha was currently in the Western Wilderness, and if something happened to her because of this, Wang Yongsan wouldn't be able to rest easy for the rest of his life.

"It should be reliable; otherwise, my father-in-law wouldn't have asked me to remind you so seriously." Ye Qing nodded.

"I understand."

Wang Yongsan took a deep breath.

If the enemy comes, I will meet them head-on. Since this is true, I can only face it with all my strength.

This is the time when both sides are negotiating. If those foreigners want to cause trouble, they will definitely come during these few days. Otherwise, after the negotiations are over and the capital relaxes, they would have to reconsider their actions.

Wang Yongsan's thoughts were correct; those people actually arrived sooner than he expected.

After seeing off Ye Qing, Wang Yongsan stayed at the Department of Reform until work ended. Then he asked Lu Yusha and Lin Shu'er to go rest at her hometown, while he went to the 'orphanage' where Doctor Le was conducting research.

"Hey, Director Wang, you're here."

The guard saw Wang Yongsan and greeted him with a smile.

Wang Yongsan waved to him, "Is Doctor Le or Doctor Yuan here?"

The guard replied, "Doctor Le is doing research, and Doctor Yuan should be eating right now."

"Alright, I know." Wang Yongsan nodded at him and walked in on his own.

Since those foreigners are coming for the gene serum, they might bypass me and come straight to Doctor Le.

Although Doctor Le and the others were very discreet, rarely going out, it was possible that someone had discovered them. So for safety's sake, Wang Yongsan decided to come here and rest.

"Doctor Yuan, are you eating?"


Chapter 603:
Wang Yongsan entered the house and went to the dining room. Sure enough, Dr. Yuan was having dinner there.

Upon seeing Wang Yongsan's arrival, Dr. Yuan quickly stood up and approached him with a grateful expression, saying, "Director Wang, thank you so much. If it weren't for you, I don't know if I would ever have the chance to see my wife and children again in this lifetime."

In his fifties, tears filled his eyes as he spoke.

Wang Yongsan smiled and said, "Dr. Yuan, why are you so emotional? You deserve all this. In the future, if you want to go back, you can go anytime. You can even bring your wife and children here."

Dr. Yuan grinned, "That's what I was thinking too. I told Ah Juan about it. Now that our child is in his third year of high school, after he takes the college entrance exam this year, let him apply to study here. My wife will come along too."

Wang Yongsan nodded, about to chat about something lighthearted when suddenly a loud explosion came from outside.

A deafening 'boom' echoed as the orphanage door was blown to dust.

The guard robot was sent flying and crashed into the house, landing like a broken sack on the ground, spewing out blood.

"Xiao Yu!"

Dr. Yuan cried out and rushed over, crouching down to check on the guard robot's injuries.

Wang Yongsan remained still, his eyes fixed on three people entering from the orphanage.

A woman and two men. The woman appeared to be in her thirties, still exuding charm, dressed in a navy blue long dress.

The other two men stood over two meters tall, one towering and muscular with knotted muscles, the other shorter than Wang Yongsan but looking like a leopard, filled with explosive power, wearing fluorescent boxing gloves.

All three were at the seventh level of Broken Meridians.

"Hmm, this kid is actually here?"

"It seems he knew we were coming so he came to wait for us."

"A little brat at the second level of Broken Meridians dares to block our path? He's just looking for death."

Each of them spoke, completely disregarding Wang Yongsan.

Although there were rumors outside that Wang Yongsan had killed someone at the seventh level of Broken Meridians, rumors were just that. They didn't believe it.

Moreover, even if he had killed someone at the seventh level?

The Blood Skeleton's seventh-level Broken Meridians were inherently weaker than those from other factions. Moreover, this time they came as a trio. Even if there was someone at the seventh level here, they could forcefully kill them.

"You two, who will kill him?" The woman among the three asked with a smile.

The two companions she brought this time, one was bloodthirsty and the other fought like his life depended on it.

As soon as she finished speaking, the two-meter tall muscular man took a step forward.








"I'll do it."

The two-meter tall man took a step forward, and his muscles changed shape with every movement.

Wang Yongsan was surprised to find that these muscles were actually armor-like, not normal flesh.

"Die!"

While Wang Yongsan was observing, the muscular man had already charged forward like a cannonball towards Wang Yongsan.

"He's using his body to attack?"


```


Chapter 604:
Wang Yongsan had some doubts. The opponent was clearly at the seventh level of breaking acupoints, so why didn't he use internal energy to release externally and instead used relatively clumsy fists and feet for direct attacks?

Soon he understood.

Because while the strong man attacked, his physique was constantly rising, breaking through the forty major barriers in an instant and reaching 41 points.

"Genetically modified person?"

To know that forty-one points of physique, according to reason, had already exceeded the peak of breaking acupoints. But the person in front of him could not possibly be a congenital expert, so there was only one possibility—he was a genetically modified person.

"Hahaha, go to hell!"

The strong man laughed wildly, and at this time even his voice became a bit strange.

Wang Yongsan did not dare to neglect, and used gravity control, instantly increasing the gravity in front of him by a hundred times.

However, the strong man's speed only slowed slightly and still moved like a gust of wind, directly breaking through the hundredfold gravity.

"It's useless. I am an ant genetically modified person. This amount of weight is just a piece of cake for me," the strong man laughed arrogantly.

Foreign gene research also took the path of incorporating animal genes into humans, but they not only used animals but also insects for experiments.

To know that among animals, being able to lift twice one's own weight is already quite remarkable.

But ants can lift fifty times their own weight.

Insects have high explosive power, so insect genetically modified people are even stronger. However, insects generally have a short lifespan, so the side effect of insect genetically modified people is that they cannot live too long.

At this moment, his fist finally reached Wang Yongsan's front.

In the critical moment, Wang Yongsan reduced his own gravity and lightly tapped his toes on the ground, floating away like a feather.

Moreover, because of the opponent's strong fist wind, Wang Yongsan's body was pushed by this fist wind, and his retreat speed became much faster.

"Hmm?"

The strong man was somewhat surprised.

His punch seemed to hit, but it also seemed like it didn't hit, as if it was hitting the wind, with no feeling at all.

"His movement technique is very strange; let me join you," the boxer who came with the strong man suddenly said.

After that, without waiting for his companion to agree, he flashed and joined the battle.

This person's strength was even more obviously inferior to that of the ant genetically modified person, but his speed and agility far exceeded the opponent's. The two people attacked Wang Yongsan from front to back, finally giving him some trouble.

"No wonder he could kill someone at the seventh level of breaking acupoints; it seems he does have some skills,"

The only woman among the three laughed.

They came this time for gene serum-related information; killing Wang Yongsan was just a side task.

The woman knew the truth that dreams are long and easy to wake up, and did not want to waste time. She thought one person was enough to kill Wang Yongsan just now, but it seemed that even with two people, they might not be able to quickly kill Wang Yongsan.

So she moved.

Finally, she uttered obscure syllables and gently pointed her slender fingers at the air in front of her.

A cold ice spear condensed out of thin air.

"Go!"

As the woman pointed forward, the cold ice spear shot towards Wang Yongsan like an arrow.

Puff!

</>


Chapter 605:
The speed was too fast, and the arrow's shape was peculiar. There was no whistling sound as it flew through the air. Wang Yongsan reacted too slowly and was directly pierced through his shoulder.

"Haha, you actually avoided the vital points. Not bad, not bad."

The woman chuckled and her right hand moved again, forming three icy long spears in succession.

These actions seemed complicated, but they were actually completed within just a few breaths. Wang Yongsan hadn't even had time to counterattack before he was injured quite badly.

"Damn it, do you take me for clay? Ignite!"

The flames in his eyes flickered. Wang Yongsan had taken Xu Zhuo's lesson to heart and, with a single blink, the room was filled with red flames.

Whoosh~whoosh~whoosh~

The red flames couldn't kill someone at the seventh level of Broken Vein, but they could block the trio's vision and disrupt their senses.

Wang Yongsan seized the opportunity to release his white gold flames, hiding them within the red flames and striking the ant-man.

"Oh, shit, Mary, quickly put out this fire for me; I'm being roasted alive!" the ant-man shouted loudly.

White gold flames were not something humans could resist, and even the ant-man couldn't withstand them.

However, ice and water martial arts could suppress flames.

Especially ice, which was colder than water and better at extinguishing fires.

"Got it."

The woman agreed and then recited a spell, causing the air around her to grow cold. Soon, blood-colored snowflakes began to fall.

The red flames and white blood flowers danced together in the room, dividing the space into extremes of heat and cold.

As more snow fell, it eventually suppressed the red flames, but had no effect on the white gold flames.

"Quickly, what are you doing?!" the ant-lizardman roared.

One of his arms had been burned off, and the white gold flames were about to reach his head.

The woman's brow furrowed as she recited a longer spell, condensing a deep blue ice ball.

"Ice Prison."

With a wave of her hand, the ice ball flew towards the white gold flames on the ant-man's shoulder and then opened her mouth, spitting the white gold flames into her stomach.

The interior of the ice ball was hollow.

Wang Yongsan's white gold flames flickered in his eyes, and the woman's expression grew more serious.

The contest of ice and fire ended with the ice prison being almost reduced to a transparent thin layer.

"Phew~"

The woman sighed in relief.

It took her three seconds to chant and create the white flame, but she needed only a few moments to deal with it. Although there was still a thin layer of ice left, she had technically lost.

However, she wasn't fighting alone.

"This kid is tough; you all need to be serious and kill him quickly!"

The woman dropped her previous smile, her eyes turning cold.

She began to chant again while the boxer and ant-man surrounded Wang Yongsan.

It had already been difficult to deal with before, but now that the trio were serious, Wang Yongsan found it even more challenging.

"This won't do; if things continue like this, I will be exhausted and killed."

"But if I run away, Dr. Le and the others will be in danger."


Chapter 606:
"It seems that we can only stall them for now and try to extract other superpowers. If it really doesn't work, I can use gravity control to fly away."

Wang Yongsan has the ability of gravity control, which allows him to have zero gravity. If he wants to leave, as long as he flies into the sky, no one can catch him.

However, Doctor Le helped him develop genetic medicine. Wang Yongsan doesn't want to give up any of his own people unless it's a life-and-death situation.








"Extract the ability immediately."

Wang Yongsan shouted inwardly, and the extraction wheel in the points mall started spinning.

At this moment.

"Young Master."

"Young Master, be careful."

It was the Yu sisters who suddenly appeared.

They had been following Wang Yongsan all along. Although Wang Yongsan rejected them, they didn't follow openly but chose to track him secretly. They were ready to serve Wang Yongsan whenever he needed them, hoping to win his heart.

Today, they followed him here as well.

Seeing the intense battle, they couldn't intervene, but when they saw a boxer sneaking up behind Wang Yongsan to launch a surprise attack, they suddenly appeared and shouted loudly.

Wang Yongsan was in the middle of extracting abilities, almost getting attacked successfully.

When he was reminded, he realized and rushed forward while increasing the gravity behind him by a hundred times.

After rushing out more than ten meters in one breath, he suddenly turned around.

"Burn."

White-gold flames ignited, and the boxer under a hundred times gravity couldn't dodge in time. He was instantly burned by the flames.

"No good, Mary, save me."

"Coming."

Mary began to chant a profound technique.

However, how could Wang Yongsan allow her to act as she wished? In a hurry, he punched out, releasing internal energy until it reached her heart.

"Don't forget, there's also me."

The ant-type cyborg rushed forward and used his body to block Wang Yongsan's punch.

This punch hit him, but it was like tickling him and didn't cause any harm.

"Damn, all of you die!"

Seeing that the other party was about to complete their chant, Wang Yongsan knew he couldn't continue to drag on like this.

The time needed for the extraction reward was too long, with one attempt taking ten seconds. He didn't know how many attempts it would take to draw a superpower that could turn the tide, so he had to fight now.

"Burn them all for me!"

His eyes turned completely white-gold.

With a mental strength of 30 points, or 90 points in spirit, he poured it all out at this moment, transforming into a sea of white-gold flames that engulfed the three Breakthrough Stage 7 cultivators.

Such a wide-ranging attack left no room for evasion.

The three Breakthrough Stage 7 cultivators were instantly severely injured.

"Aaaaaaah..."

"It's so hot, my body..."

The boxer had the weakest physique and was the first to be burned to death.

The ant-type cyborg, despite his strong physique, couldn't withstand the burning of 1400 degrees Celsius and soon died as well.

Only the ice-type mage Mary was still resisting with deep blue frost.

Wang Yongsan's mental strength was depleted, but he dared not faint. He exerted all his strength to condense all the white-gold flames together, encircling Mary tightly.

```


Chapter 607:
"No, I surrender. Please spare me."

Mary began to beg for mercy, but Wang Yongsan had no intention of letting her go.

After about ten minutes of resistance, just before Wang Yongsan passed out, the White Gold Flames finally broke through Mary's Deep Blue Frost and burned her body.

"Aaargh! I will never let you go even if I die."

The voice stopped abruptly.

Before Wang Yongsan lost consciousness, he seemed to see Mary chanting something, but soon he fainted and had no idea what happened afterward.

Wang Yongsan didn't know how long he was unconscious before he finally woke up in a daze.

Before opening his eyes, Wang Yongsan heard sobs all around him.

"Shasha?"

Wang Yongsan called out, anxiously opening his eyes.

He didn't know why Luo Yusha was crying so sadly; could it be that she thought he had died?

When he opened his eyes, it was indeed Luo Yusha, along with Lin Shishi and the Yu sisters. At this moment, besides Luo Yusha, tears were also visible on the faces of the other three girls.

"Shasha, why are you crying? I'm not dead yet."

"Lin classmate, what happened to you guys? I've already woken up, haven't I?"

"What happened to you, Qingcheng Qingguo (Pretty Country)? Tell me, why are you so sad?"

Luo Yusha just cried without answering.

Lin Shishi also shook her head with tears in her eyes.

Only the Yu sisters, upon hearing Wang Yongsan's question, exchanged a glance and said, "Young master, your...your lower part is gone?"

"What lower part is gone?"

Wang Yongsan was very confused.

The Yu sisters said, "Before you fainted, that woman released an ice arrow technique, which happened to hit your lower part and froze it into pieces, leaving no chance for healing."

Wang Yongsan remembered now.

Before he passed out, it seemed that he did see Mary chanting a profound technique.

Could it be that...

Wang Yongsan couldn't believe it and reached out tremblingly to touch that area.

Then, his pupils suddenly widened, and his expression became incredibly excited as he shouted in a hoarse voice: "My treasure, my treasure is gone. I'm castrated..."

From then on,

Wang Yongsan understood that not all efforts would lead to rewards, just like some people work hard on writing, and although many people read their works, few are willing to spend money subscribing.

So Wang Yongsan stopped meddling in other people's affairs.

He used his "Die Hard" points to buy more life, and then when a "Die Hard" mission failed and deducted his lifespan during the sleep deprivation, he chose to forfeit the mission and thus broke free from the "Die Hard" system.

--------------------------- User-uploaded content ends ------------------------------

Disclaimer: This book is uploaded by a user of Qisuwang (qisuwang.com) to their storage space on the website. The website only provides a TXT collection of e-books for storage and free download services. The copyright of the above content is unrelated to this website.

