

"Nothing, Duan Xingchen. If I'm not mistaken, this Earth Demon Sect's Wang Lihai is your Tianjian Sect's affiliated sect, right?" Leng Qiuchan coldly snorted, gazing at Duan Xingchen.

"Indeed. Since this little brat dared to offend Qiuchan's younger sister, I'll definitely avenge you for her!" Duan Xingchen smiled, his eyes carrying a flicker of pride.

"Leng Qiuchan, if anything happens to Luo Lei, I won't forgive the Earth Demon Sect today!" Zheng Xin's face darkened as she spoke.

"Hmph... I don't believe you Fengfeng Valley would risk everything to destroy a sect that's not weak, just for this ninefold Body Tempering little brat!" Duan Xingchen seemed to have the upper hand over Zheng Xin, speaking with confidence.

"Luolei... Luolei! Heh!" Leng Qiuchan's body radiated coldness as she sneered.

Seeing Leng Qiuchan's cold smile, Duan Xingchen felt even more certain that coming to avenge Leng Qiuchan by punishing Luo Tian was the right choice.

His eyes looked down at Luo Tian with disdain, a sneer on his face. But then he widened his eyes in disbelief.

At this moment, Luo Tian's hands held one hand with the Human King Seal and another with the Soul-Stealing Seal. Powerful fluctuations radiated from his hands, his eyes filled with solemnity as he stared intently at his own hands. A terrifying aura emanated from the sky.

"What martial art is this! Why is its power so immense!" people marveled, watching the Human King Seal in the sky and the terrifying Soul-Stealing Seal within their spiritual awareness.

"I hope the Tianjian Sect disciple at the late stage of bone-formation from outside hasn't come. If he did, I'd be in trouble!" Luo Tian's eyes fixed on the printing in the sky while he sighed inwardly.

Luo Tian didn't want to reveal the Huangji Seal, but there was no choice. The Nirvana Dragon Seal had only one more chance to open. If he activated it now, he would have no cards left for the next ten days, and couldn't use anything else, fearing it might be recognized. If it wasn't absolutely necessary, Luo Tian didn't want to use the Huangji Seal.

Although the Soul-Stealing Seal was a spiritual awareness martial art, making it hard to detect, the Human King Seal wasn't as powerful without using the Five Elements' mutual generation. Still, Luo Tian was afraid of exposing himself.

And here in Leng Qiuchan's case, Luo Tian knew he would eventually have to reveal himself. The existence of Xiao Lang meant Leng Qiuchan wouldn't be able to guess his identity.

"What is he doing?" People on the platform and below looked at Luo Tian's actions with confusion.

"Merge... fusion... it's martial art fusion! He wants to combine two martial arts together!" someone whispered in astonishment, looking at Luo Tian gradually merging the two seal-shaped martial arts.

Luo Tian's face was drenched in sweat. At this moment, the Huangji Seal fusion had only completed half, and he already felt overwhelmed.

"Ah... I'm currently at ninefold Body Tempering. It's still a bit difficult to fuse two martial arts. The main problem is my spiritual awareness has been sealed at the peak of bone-formation. Otherwise, it would have been better!" Luo Tian thought to himself, then fully immersed his mind into the martial art fusion, even closing his eyes.

"Laughable, truly laughable. I've never heard of anyone successfully fusing martial arts before. Does he think he's the headmaster of one of the three sects?" Duan Xingchen's face showed contempt as he loudly mocked.

"Brother, you're being too bold!" Zheng Xin's face showed anxiety, wanting to stop him, but obviously Luo Tian was already at a critical moment.

"Die!" Wang Lihai's face turned red as he dodged Xiao Lang's claws, seeing the two big seals in the sky, his heart coldly laughing.

Chapter 353: Instant Kill

All eyes were drawn to the two big seals gradually merging in the sky.

Wang Lihai's face showed joy. He hadn't expected Luo Tian to commit suicide by fusing martial arts, which would save him the trouble of doing it himself. At this moment, the little wolf had already made him struggle to deal with it.

"Such a child, if he truly succeeds in fusing martial arts, his talent is truly astonishing!" The outside sects all spoke out, their eyes also turning to Luo Tian's figure.

Under everyone's gaze, Luo Tian slowly merged the two big seals.

"Three-fifths... three-quarters..." Time passed slowly, and the two seals merged under people's astonished eyes.

"Wow, did he really succeed?" People's faces showed shock as they watched the two seals almost completely fused.

At this moment, Luo Tian felt extremely uncomfortable. His spiritual awareness was nearly exhausted, his whole body drenched in sweat, and a sense of weakness came from his mind.

"The consumption is too great. The Huangji Seal's spiritual awareness consumes too much!" Luo Tian sighed inwardly, his eyes flashing with madness. His bloodshot eyes suddenly opened.

"凝！" Luo Tian roared desperately.

"A嗡..." With Luo Tian's desperate roar, the two big seals finally fully merged together.

The character "Huang" seal radiated an atmosphere that could suppress everything, spreading throughout the platform. A terrifying aura of a sovereign emanated from the "Huang" character on the Huangji Seal.

"My god, what did I just see? Martial arts fusion, and he actually succeeded!" Everyone's eyes trembled as they looked at the Huangji Seal in the sky.

"Bad luck!" Wang Lihai's face showed shock. He could clearly feel the power of the Huangji Seal. If he were hit, he would be reduced to dust.

"I want this child for the Tianjian Sect!" Duan Chencheng's face showed shock, gazing at Luo Tian with wild eyes.

"Duan Xiong, it's too early to say that now!" The heads of various sects spoke in rebuttal, their eyes filled with admiration. They had never seen anyone truly fuse martial arts before.

"Good job!" Leng Qiuchan's lips formed a beautiful arc under her black veil, watching Luo Tian standing there. At this moment, she had confirmed that the young man named Luo Lei was indeed Luo Tian. She had seen the Human King Seal before.

"Actually succeeded?" Duan Xingchen's eyebrows furrowed, his face showing a solemn expression. At this moment, Luo Tian had already made him feel some respect. Just by fusing martial arts alone, he was certain that this Luo Lei youth wasn't inferior to their geniuses, perhaps even higher.

"Truly not disappointing my friend! I told you all, the first time I saw Luo Lei, I thought he was outstanding, his appearance was only slightly inferior to me... we really hit it off at first sight..." Zheng Xin's face showed pride as he spoke to Leng Qiuchan and Duan Xingchen.

"Damn it!" At this moment, the person with the worst mood was definitely Wang Lihai. The aura from above made it difficult for him to move. His thigh had just been bitten off by Xiao Lang.

"About enough. Although it's not as powerful as when fully unleashed, it should be enough to kill this Wang Lihai!" Luo Tian's lips slightly curled, his face cold as he gazed at Wang Lihai.

"Xiao Lang, come back!" Luo Tian called out to the little wolf biting Wang Lihai.

"Owwo..." The little wolf let out a low roar in response, returning to Luo Tian's front. Its clear gray eyes were filled with caution as it looked at the Huangji Seal in the sky.

"Die!" Luo Tian coldly snorted, his hand slightly pressed down. The Huangji Seal flew like a meteor, fiercely smashing towards Wang Lihai.

"Run!" Wang Lihai's heart was in a panic. This Huangji Seal was beyond his ability to withstand. If he didn't run now, he would be a fool.

"Too late!" Tian whispered softly.

"Bang..." As Luo Tian's words fell, a dull sound echoed throughout the space. The platform swayed three times, everyone's eyes trembling as they looked at Luo Tian.

He took a pill in his hand and put it into Xiao Lang's mouth, smiling slightly. His eyes were cold as he surveyed the people on the platform.

Being caught by Luo Tian's gaze, others all lowered their heads, secretly relieved they hadn't been the first to stick out.

"I'm lucky I didn't attack him when he was around me before, otherwise ten of me wouldn't be enough for that big seal!"

"My god, the power was too astonishing! It must have had the strength of a land-level!" People's voices of admiration kept coming out.

The people below looked at Luo Tian with trembling eyes, also secretly relieved they hadn't seen Luo Tian as a soft target. Otherwise, it would have been them who were smashed.

"Instant kill! Absolutely instant kill! That was a bone-formation middle-stage powerhouse, and also the Earth Demon Sect's young master. He was killed like that!" The murmurs of people kept coming out.

"I feel like this person is familiar, especially those two big seals. It's as if I've seen them somewhere before!" Su Yewu frowned, her face showing confusion as she looked at Luo Tian.

Hearing Su Yewu's words, Ding Xiaoyan and Huo Zhiyong also showed confusion in their eyes, a sense of familiarity rising in their hearts.

"This child, I must bring him into the Tianjian Sect at all costs!" Duan Chencheng's face showed determination as he gazed at Luo Tian on the screen.

Not only Duan Chencheng, but everyone watching from outside also showed determination, wanting to bring Luo Tian into their sect at all costs.

Not only because there was a chance of ascending to the heavenly level, but just the method of martial arts fusion was worth doing so.

Only one person outside had an extremely dark face, that was the Earth Demon Sect's leader Wang Leeshui. Seeing his son killed, Wang Leeshui's face was darkened to the extreme. If it weren't for so many sect leaders present, he would have entered that space without hesitation to capture Luo Tian and torture him to death.

But Wang Leeshui was a sect leader, he still knew the consequences of rushing in. So he could only look at Luo Tian's image with a dark face, memorizing it firmly in his mind.

Duan Xingchen's face looked bad. At this moment, he couldn't sense Wang Lihai's presence in his spiritual awareness, which proved that Wang Lihai was already reduced to dust.

As the younger sect leader of the Tianjian Sect, seeing his affiliated sect's young master killed and not coming forward was hard to explain. Moreover, this was an opportunity to please Leng Qiuchan.

Thinking of that, Duan Xingchen again pulled out his sword behind him.

Chapter 354: Duan Xingchen's Provocation

Luo Tian took a deep breath, looking at the ground with indentations and a pile of bloody flesh spread out. He smiled slightly: "Thank you for giving me a spot, Wang Brother truly is a good person!"

"Madman!" Everyone's eyes heard Luo Tian's words, their mouths twitching as they looked at Luo Tian. He was already dead beyond recovery, yet he still spoke to him.

At this moment, Luo Tian received everyone's attention, his face calm. He had seen such gazes many times.

"Brother, you're good! I didn't expect you to be so hidden. You can match my ninefold Body Tempering stage! I remember when I was at the ninefold Body Tempering stage, it was truly heart-stopping. Let me tell you about my battle with the Eight-Armed Great Immortal Han Daoshan back then..." Zheng Xin came to Luo Tian's front, patted his shoulder, and started talking like a monk.

"A嗡..." A fluctuation of spiritual energy spread out. A shocking sword qi swept through the crowd, directly sweeping towards Luo Tian.

"Sorry, as the saying goes, beating a dog requires looking at its owner. Today you killed my dog, and I, the owner, can't let it go without revenge!" Duan Xingchen's cold voice came from the crowd.

"Bang..." A furious sound echoed. Luo Tian drew his sword to block the sword qi, his face dark as he looked at Duan Xingchen walking out of the crowd.

"Don't push me too far!" Luo Tian's voice was like a winter wind,刮 through everyone's hearts.

"Duan Xingchen, what do you mean by that!" Zheng Xin loudly asked Duan Xingchen.

"What I mean is, I don't want to see an annoying person standing on this platform. The one just killed was my friend!" Duan Xingchen spoke, his eyes filled with provocation as he looked at Luo Tian.

"Hmph..." A cold snort echoed again. Standing in front of Luo Tian was a graceful figure, her black veil covering her body. Just by looking at her figure, she was an absolute beauty. Her white skin under the black veil made people want to tear it off to see what kind of woman she really was.

"Qiuchan's younger sister? Don't worry, I'll avenge you for her soon! Leave it to me!" Duan Xingchen smiled gently at Leng Qiuchan.

"you can't touch him!" Leng Qiuchan's hand gently stroked Xiao Lang's head, her cold words coming from under the black veil. A wave of killing intent spread from Leng Qiuchan towards Duan Xingchen.

"Ah... what's going on? The Yuling Sect's Leng Qiuchan actually came to protect a young man?" Hundreds of people around shouted in surprise.

"Qiuchan, what do you mean? Have you known him before?" Duan Xingchen was also confused now, his face changing. He could clearly sense the cold killing intent from Leng Qiuchan, and he was secretly angry. This was the first time he had seen Leng Qiuchan show killing intent towards someone for a man.

"Who are you!" Duan Xingchen's face showed a sinister expression, looking at Luo Tian.

"Mind your own business!" Luo Tian scowled, sighing inwardly. Fortunately, Leng Qiuchan wasn't stupid and didn't reveal his name.

But when Luo Tian looked at Leng Qiuchan's gaze, his body naturally trembled, a bitter smile on his face.

"Why did you keep it from me?" Leng Qiuchan's cold words passed through the spiritual awareness, entering Luo Tian's mind.

"I had no choice. I didn't know who was in the East Domain from the Tianshi Sect, and I was alone. If I didn't hide my identity and walked around openly in the East Domain, it would be looking for death!" Hearing Leng Qiuchan's transmission, Luo Tian knew that this space might have isolated external spiritual awareness. Otherwise, Leng Qiuchan wouldn't have thought of this.

"Later I'll deal with you. In the East Domain, as long as I'm here, you don't need to fear anyone!" Leng Qiuchan's face showed a slight arrogance.

"Ugh..." Luo Tian helplessly patted his forehead, sighing inwardly. This girl was still so proud.

"Haha, Qiuchan's younger sister, do you also know Luo Lei? Since you know Luo Lei, then we are now family. After this joint recruitment ends, let's find a place to talk for three days and nights. Oh, don't forget to invite Jiang Nanxuan brother too. I haven't seen him for a long time, the last time..." Seeing Luo Tian and Leng Qiuchan knew each other, Zheng Xin's face showed joy, starting to talk nonstop.

"Go away..." Leng Qiuchan's voice was cold as she shouted at Zheng Xin.

"Qiuchan, what's your relationship with him!" Duan Xingchen ignored Zheng Xin who was talking nonstop and stared intently at Leng Qiuchan.

"His life is mine!" Leng Qiuchan's eyes flickered slightly, looking at Duan Xingchen and speaking softly.

"A嗡..." The sword hummed. Duan Xingchen's body slightly trembled, his face showing a sinister expression. His sword tip pointed at Luo Tian.

"Brave, if you're a man, come out and don't hide behind women!" Duan Xingchen coldly spoke.

Luo Tian saw Duan Xingchen's appearance and knew this kid had already hated him to the core. He smiled, speaking to Leng Qiuchan and Zheng Xin beside him: "If I kill him, can you also protect me?"

"Ah..." The sound of inhaling cold air echoed again throughout the space. Everyone's eyes looked at Luo Tian.

"This person is crazy, thinking of killing Duan Xingchen who has the star body!"

"Laughable, truly laughable. Thinking of defeating Duan Xingchen, a genius, after killing Wang Lihai. Thinking he has some talent and that's it!" People shouted in laughter.

Even Leng Qiuchan and Zheng Xin, upon hearing Luo Tian's words, furrowed their brows slightly. Duan Xingchen was not like others; his strength was no weaker than them, and the Tianjian Sect behind him was one of the three sects. Compared to the Yuling Sect, it was slightly inferior.

"I'll try!" Leng Qiuchan's face showed a solemn expression, speaking softly.

"What is this Luo Lei's background? Why does the Yuling Sect's Leng Qiuchan treat him so, even risking a fight with the Tianjian Sect!" People's faces were shocked.

Zheng Xin also looked at them with suspicion, his eyes flashing a determined look: "Luo brother, I can't guarantee it, but I'll try to persuade my father. Of course, if we can avoid killing him, it would be best!"

"What the hell is going on? Two sects' younger sect leaders are both trying to protect this kid!" People shouted in their hearts.

"Rascal!" The outside Duan Chenfeng's face showed anger, looking at the scene where Luo Tian was clearly clashing with Duan Xingchen, and shouted.

Luo Tian's talent was evident to all. If he could be brought into the Tianjian Sect, and assisted Duan Xingchen, then no one would be able to challenge Duan Xingchen in his generation.

At this moment, his son had already fought with Luo Tian over the Earth Demon Sect, making Duan Chenfeng furious.

But no matter how angry Duan Chenfeng was, it was useless. At this moment, Duan Xingchen had been blinded by jealousy. His sword pointed at Luo Tian, especially after hearing Leng Qiuchan and Zheng Xin's words, his whole body trembled with rage.

"I'll see how you kill me today!" Duan Xingchen coldly snorted, his body transforming into a streak of light and rushing towards Luo Tian.

"Since it's like this, today I'll risk exposure to give you a lesson you'll never forget!" Luo Tian's eyes flashed with coldness. The repeated provocations from Duan Xingchen had successfully ignited his anger. The Dragon Emperor's reverse scales were subtly placed in his hand.

Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas...

Chapter 355: The First Round Ends

The crowd's eyes were hot as they watched Duan Xingchen running, wanting to see how strong the younger sect leader of one of the three sects, the Tianjian Sect, really was.

"Here he comes?" Luo Tian looked at Duan Xingchen approaching and showed a slight solemnity.

Duan Xingchen's feeling towards Luo Tian was no less than Li Xiuping. In fact, he felt that Li Xiuping was slightly inferior to Duan Xingchen. After all, Li Xiuping was in the Northern Domain while Duan Xingchen was in the Eastern Domain, and he was the younger sect leader of the Tianjian Sect. His methods were definitely not few. If Luo Tian was even a little distracted, he might fall into an irreversible situation.

The Dragon Emperor's reverse scales emitted a warm glow in his palm. Without hesitation, he firmly covered it over his wrist.

"Bang..." As Luo Tian made up his mind to place the Dragon Emperor's reverse scales on his wrist, a thunderous sound echoed in people's ears.

Duan Xingchen's figure also came to an abrupt stop, his face showing confusion as he looked into the void.

"The first round is over!" A solemn voice rang out.

"A嗡..." The fluctuation of spiritual energy spread, and the displacement force invaded everyone's bodies again.

Luo Tian quickly retrieved the Dragon Emperor's reverse scales, his body flashing away from the spot. His head felt dizzy and he reappeared on the Wind Thunder Platform.

After the first round of elimination, about a thousand people remained in the Body Tempering stage, and exactly one hundred people stood on the high platform.

In the Bone Formation stage, less than five hundred remained. Adding those standing on the high platform, it was only over six hundred.

As for others, some had surrendered, and more were permanently left in that space.

"Alright, the two hundred people on the platform can go rest over there. Those with more than two hundred jade pendants can stay, others can continue watching but won't be able to participate in the recruitment." Zheng Hongsheng smiled, his eyes shining as he scanned over the remaining more than a thousand people.

"Bang..." As Zheng Hongsheng's words fell, the scene became chaotic for a moment.

Luo Tian heard Zheng Hongsheng's words and sighed inwardly at the high threshold for recruitment by the three sects. In their eyes, even Bone Formation stage was nothing. If it were in the Northern Domain, a Bone Formation stage powerhouse would have already been snatched by those second-rate sects.

An hour later, nearly twenty blood-stained youths emerged from the crowd, their faces filled with ferocity and walking into Luo Tian's group.

These twenty people had all gone through countless killings, their bodies stained with the lives of two hundred strong enemies. Their cultivation might not be as high as those on the platform, but if it came to life-or-death combat, the result was hard to predict.

"Those people's aura has a similar feel to that of the Northern Changjun Sect disciples!" Luo Tian sighed, looking at these twenty people and thought of Wu Di in Northern Changjun.

"Inhale..." In Northern Changjun, a fierce-looking man violently sneezed, a scar running from his forehead down to his face, terrifyingly grotesque.

"Who's thinking of me?" The man rubbed his nose, looking thoughtful.

"Wu Leader, are you catching a cold?" A sly young man stood in front of the man, his face showing fawning.

"Smack..." The man slapped the young man's head.

"Why would I catch a cold? I'm currently at ninefold Body Tempering. Don't talk nonsense. Who's不服? Tell me, I'll take you to destroy them!" The man showed arrogance, shouting at the dozens of Body Tempering people beside him.

"Leader, I heard Zhang Huairen said he would destroy us. Look!" Another man beside him looked at the man with respect.

"Hmph! Zhang Huairen? Brothers, let's go destroy Zhang Huairen!" Wu Di shouted, leading his people away.

Wu Di, the strong man who had recently risen in Northern Changjun. In a few days, he unified the outer areas of Northern Changjun and had a group of Body Tempering strongmen under him. This faction was small, but it was slowly growing under Wu Di's management.

Luo Tian shook off the chaotic thoughts in his head, a slight smile on his face as he sighed inwardly: "Wu Di, Wu Di. I hope next time we meet, you won't disappoint me. Northern Changjun, Han Family, Zhao Family, I'll return!"

"Luo Lei, this time you got lucky. Remember, if I want you to die, you definitely won't live!" Duan Xingchen's face showed hatred as he walked up to Luo Tian. If it weren't for the regulations set by all the sects in Kunlun Mountain, Duan Xingchen would have immediately attacked. The joint recruitment of sects was just a formality to him.

"Who lives, who dies, it's not clear yet!"

Luo Tian smiled and weighed the Jinning in his hand.

"You're Luo Lei, right!" Just as they were talking, the heads of the three sects came up to Luo Tian.

"Hmm? Did I catch their attention?" Luo Tian felt puzzled, but his face showed respect.

"Hand over the head you're holding. This kind of thing isn't something you can control. We'll keep it for you first, and when you have enough strength, come to Kunlun Mountain to retrieve it!" Duan Chenfeng's face showed seriousness as he looked at Luo Tian.

"What? Even the heads of the three sects value Luo Lei's head. What kind of head is it that's so astonishing?" People showed reverence as they looked at Luo Tian's head.

Luo Tian heard the three people's words and his face turned uncertain. He hadn't expected that the three sects' attention was on his Jinning.

"Why?" Luo Tian's face showed reluctance. This Jinning was his, and there was no reason to give it up.

"No reason. This head is too evil. For the peace of the Eastern Domain, you should give it to us to seal it better!" Duan Chenfeng's face showed displeasure. They were three sect heads, and they had lowered themselves to ask for it. Luo Tian should have obediently given it up, but he dared to question.

"If I say no?" Luo Tian lowered his head. No one could see what expression he had at that moment.

"Silence..." The Wind Thunder Platform instantly became quiet. Everyone's eyes were filled with strong shock. They hadn't expected anyone to dare defy the three sect heads in Kunlun Mountain.

At this moment, Luo Tian's previous confrontation with Duan Xingchen in the Body Tempering stage had already paled in comparison.

"Arrogant!" Duan Chenfeng's face showed anger. The aura of the peak spiritual awareness instantly spread, his face dark as he growled.

"Crack..." The steps under Luo Tian's feet instantly shattered, his legs firmly planted into the ground.

"Say it again?" Duan Chenfeng seemed to have never been defied before. His voice was cold with unspeakable bitterness.

Chapter 356: The Second Round

Luo Tian's face was extremely dark. The feeling of superiority from the other side reminded him of Li Xiuping's eyes when he looked at himself in Feiyun Sect, the expressions of two guards when he fell into the Forgetfulness Pond, and the looks of Gu Qianxue and Gu Lei being taken away, as well as the contemptuous eyes of Shangguan Fei and others.

Luo Tian's mind was shaken. His years of being undefeated at his level made him unaware of his arrogance. Although he controlled it, there was still some left. He had forgotten the original purpose of cultivation and realized that in the eyes of some people, he was still just an ant. Just a stronger ant.

"Strength! I need strength!" The long-dormant, blood-red spiritual energy once again stirred. His eyes gradually turned blood red.

"Give it to him! I'll help you find a way to suppress it!" Leng Qiuchan's cold voice entered Luo Tian's mind.

"A嗡..." Luo Tian instantly regained his composure, looking at Duan Chenfeng.

"Three elders, you are the heads of the three sects. To oppress and forcibly demand a junior's item like this, don't you feel ashamed?" Luo Tian showed no fear. His gaze swept over Duan Chenfeng, Zhao Hongsheng, and Leng Hongcai's faces.

"Fool!" People whispered in their hearts. Their minds were shocked again, even Zheng Xin was no exception, his face showing a worried expression. They all knew that for many years, this was the first time someone had dared to provoke the authority of the three sects.

"Self-destructing!" Duan Xingchen was delighted inside, expecting the three sect heads to crush Luo Tian like squashing an ant.

"You're provoking our three sects' authority. Do you know that if it weren't for your talent, you would already be a corpse!" Duan Chenfeng's face finally showed impatience.

"年轻人, don't be so impulsive. Give it to us. I can promise you that it's just temporarily stored. If we really wanted to steal it, do you think you'd have a chance? This head is very evil and isn't good for you!" A gentle voice echoed in Luo Tian's mind, making him mentally alert.

Luo Tian couldn't help but look at the other two sect heads. Leng Hongcai, as soon as he looked at himself, subtly showed a smile.

"It's him!" Luo Tian felt puzzled and looked at Leng Qiuchan beside him.

Leng Qiuchan's eyes showed concern, and she nodded slightly.

Luo Tian felt warm. At this moment, he naturally understood that Leng Qiuchan must have spoken on his behalf to Leng Hongcai.

"Little brother, Xin'er told me about you. Give it up. When you're strong enough in the future, you can come back to get it. This thing isn't suitable for you right now!"

Before Luo Tian could react, another voice echoed in his mind.

Zheng Xin smiled and nodded at Luo Tian.

"Okay, I can give it up. Since Duan Sect Leader said it's just to keep it for me, can I choose which sect to store it in?" Luo Tian showed a determined expression.

"Don't be so rude. Don't haggle. Believe me, I'll slap you to death right now!" Duan Chenfeng's face showed anger. His powerful aura pressed toward Luo Tian again.

"Crack..." Luo Tian's knees bent, a sound of broken bones echoed from his legs.

"I choose to entrust it to the Yuling Sect. I trust the Yuling Sect's reputation!" Luo Tian's face was grim, ignoring Duan Chenfeng's threat. His eyes were cold as he looked at Duan Chenfeng.

After saying that, Luo Tian endured the peak spiritual awareness pressure and threw the Jinning toward Leng Hongcai.

A dark light shone, and the Jinning landed steadily in Leng Hongcai's hands.

"Hmph!" Duan Chenfeng coldly snorted, but then he looked at Luo Tian. His whole body was slightly shocked.

Duan Chenfeng felt a chill, as if he had been stared at by an ancient fierce beast. His gaze toward Luo Tian showed a slight killing intent.

Duan Chenfeng's killing intent was fleeting. He was of what status? The head of one of the three sects, the top person in Kunlun Mountain without any elders. If he attacked a junior now, it would truly disgrace the Tianjian Sect.

"Alright, let's start the second round!" Leng Hongcai saw the awkward atmosphere and took on the role of mediator.

"Hmph..." Duan Chenfeng coldly snorted, and the three of them walked back to the platform.

"Strength! Strength! Without strength, one is always an ant!" Luo Tian's eyes showed determination as he looked at Duan Chenfeng sitting high on the platform.

"The second round tests your insight. It has two small parts: first, understanding the martial arts, and second, creating your own martial art. The standard for evaluation is the height of the stone tablet. The higher the stone tablet, the more astonishing your martial art!" Leng Hongcai smiled and spoke, his gaze gently sweeping over everyone's faces.

"Brother, I'll tell you, the head of the Yuling Sect, Qiuchan's father, is a good man. He's very kind and approachable. I've definitely offended him enough, but he didn't hold a grudge..." Zheng Xin's face showed admiration as he told how he had offended Leng Hongcai and how Leng Hongcai hadn't held a grudge.

Hearing Zheng Xin's story, Luo Tian showed amusement as he looked at Leng Qiuchan. He couldn't imagine how such a father could raise such a daughter.

"Hmph..." Leng Qiuchan seemed to sense what Luo Tian was thinking and coldly snorted, looking at Zheng Xin with a clear gaze.

"A嗡..." Before people could react, the displacement force again moved them into space. But this time, there was no more chattering Zheng Xin around Luo Tian or the cold-eyed Leng Qiuchan. There was only a three-zhang-high stone tablet.

The stone tablet was ordinary, but Luo Tian felt a powerful pressure from it. This pressure was somewhat familiar, similar to the pressure of an emperor, like that on the Huangji Seal. However, it was gentler than the fierce pressure of a lower-grade seal.

"Let's see what special features this second round has!" Luo Tian smiled slightly, placing his hand gently on the stone tablet.

"A嗡..." At the moment Luo Tian's hand touched the stone tablet, his mind was filled with a roaring sound. A large number of images were imprinted in Luo Tian's mind.

After the roar, Luo Tian seemed to stand in another space. This space had no spiritual energy but was lush with greenery. He tried to activate the spiritual energy in his body, but found that there was no spiritual energy available.

"This feeling is very familiar. It's like when the Soul-Subduing Vase forcibly took my soul!" Luo Tian sighed inwardly, his face showing shock.

Chapter 357: Qingmu Emperor's Scripture

Outside the Wind Thunder Platform.

At this moment, everyone's eyes were again directed at the giant screen in the sky. Their faces showed anticipation. The second round tested insight, which was indispensable for a cultivator. Even those with mediocre talent could reach high levels if their insight was extraordinary.

In the empty space, a solemn voice echoed in people's ears. This voice carried an ancient tone and authority.

"I came from the distant past, carrying the will of heaven. I was suppressed in this world. Rebirth, futile life... what is life? I've been searching for how to pass this life. Finally, I found no answer... crossing the long river of time..."

Luo Tian heard the voice and his mind was shocked. His eyes saw a middle-aged man in white robes, seated among lush trees, his face serene as he looked at the surrounding grass and trees, like watching a child grow.

"What you see, hear, and think can hurt people. Similarly, it can also save people. Understand it or not, that's up to you..." The voice echoed again, and the middle-aged man's figure slowly disappeared from Luo Tian's vision.

Luo Tian furrowed his brows, showing confusion as he looked at the small grass on the ground and the tall trees reaching for the sky.

Luo Tian imitated the middle-aged man's posture, sitting on the ground. A tranquil atmosphere filled Luo Tian's mind, and a powerful vitality enveloped him.

Luo Tian couldn't help but close his eyes and start to cultivate, listening carefully to everything around him. His lips slightly curled.