

The blood moon rose, transforming into a crimson crescent moon and instantly slicing down, making Jin Wuye's face turn serious. He raised his supplementing heaven sword to clash with the blood knife.

The void trembled, the sky cracked open, and a violent wave of energy poured down from the heavens, causing the people of Tianhun City to tremble.

"Is the Celestial Lord fighting against the city master of Supplementing Heaven? The Holy Prince has also entered!" The ghost cultivators stationed in Tianhun City looked on with shock.

"Indeed!" Jin Wuye swung his supplementing heaven sword again, the sword's flowers turned, and another blade of energy shot out.

"Lu Tian has also been possessed?" Yu Tian watched the continuous battle between Lu Tian and Jin Wuye, sensing that Lu Tian's aura was completely different from before.

"Fire sea burns the sky!" However, Yu Tian also knew that his current task was to eliminate Jiang Chen who had been possessed; this was the real enemy. The fire sea surged again, forming into fists and hands that slammed toward Jin Wuye.

"Rosheng's world!" Jin Wuye roared, his body radiating an overwhelming aura. A black figure rose from Jin Wuye's body, with a gaze that looked down upon the world and swept across eight directions. The phantom punched out.

Boom, boom, boom... Yu Tian's attacks continuously disintegrated and were instantly scattered by the phantom's punch.

"Indeed, it wasn't that strong!" Yu Tian's eyes slightly narrowed. Although his attack was scattered, he no longer felt the helplessness of being caught by Jin Wuye.

"Your opponent is me!" A cold voice rang out. The blood sea surged, transforming into a blood-colored figure that held the blood knife and slashed toward Jin Wuye. Another collision occurred, shaking the heavens and earth, with wind and clouds swirling; Jin Wuye's phantom body was shaken, and cracks appeared on it.

Meanwhile, the blood master's blood body transformed into a sea of blood that spread out in all directions but immediately condensed.

"Let me finish merging this body before coming back to settle the score!" Jin Wuye coldly spoke, then flew away towards the distance.

"Would you like to leave something behind before leaving?"

"Blood battle across eight directions!" Tu Tian coldly spoke, his blood body radiating a series of divine laws. It transformed into an endless sea of blood that swept toward Jin Wuye, instantly enveloping him.

Tu Tian's hands moved, and a series of blood-colored script seals wrapped around the sea of blood. Blood-colored hands tightly clenched, and with a loud explosion...

The blood sea disintegrated, Jin Wuye appeared in Yu Tian's view with a pale face, as if his blood had been drained.

The sword cut through the void, distorting space in front of Jin Wuye. His body twisted as well and disappeared from Tu Tian and Yu Tian's sight.

"This debt, I will remember!" Jin Wuye's angry voice echoed in the void.

"I'm waiting for you!" Tu Tian responded confidently, indifferent. The blood sea reversed and returned to the blood knife.

"Who are you? Where is our Holy Prince?" Yu Tian shouted, fire sea sweeping over Tu Tian and looking at him cautiously.

"Don't cause trouble!" Tu Tian coldly glanced at Yu Tian. The blood color on Lu Tian faded, and Lu Tian gradually regained control.

"Senior, I'm fine!" Lu Tian spoke slowly, emitting a weak aura and pale face. Tu Tian's strength was at the late stage of Immortal King, while Lu Tian was only at the early stage of Immortal King. Being controlled by Tu Tian would definitely have severe aftereffects.

"Let's go!" Yu Tian saw Lu Tian returning to normal and led him out of the void, appearing in the sky above Tianhun City.

"Jiang Chen has fled!" Yu Tian shouted to Wu Mian, then led Lu Tian into a courtyard in Tianhun City.

"Senior, do you know what the Rosheng Gate is? Is there such a force in hell?" Lu Tian frowned, confused about why Jiang Chen had become like this.

"I don't know either. Perhaps it's the soul of a powerful person that has remained until now!"

"I have sent a message to the Wheel Turning Palace, asking them to investigate. This Rosheng Gate is clearly not a weak force; it might be an ancient power as well!"

"His methods are terrifying. He was able to absorb my cultivation and turn it into his own!" Yu Tian was also very shocked, recalling the scene when he had been caught by Jin Wuye and his cultivation had been absorbed. He felt a shiver of fear.

"It's more terrifying than the Dao Heart Seeding Demon!"

"However, there must be some drawbacks; otherwise, such a method would be too against the natural order!" Lu Tian also felt touched and spoke softly.

"Kid, who was that person fighting against Jin Wuye?" Yu Tian then showed a worried expression.

"It's the blood knife's spiritual essence, an elder of mine. Don't worry!" Lu Tian replied and then said nothing more, beginning to recover from his injuries.

Tianhun City was captured, allowing the Wheel Turning Palace to fully establish itself in the Immortal world. To reclaim it would not be simple, but this battle had consumed a lot; everyone was injured and could not continue the attack in the short term.

In the illusory space, Bai Hu and Hei Bai sat there listening to Wu Mian's message. With the Wheel Turning Palace occupying Tianhun City, all eight palaces had entered the Immortal world for ten thousand miles. Fenyang Palace and Shu Luo Palace had continued to advance deeper, while the other palaces were also regrouping and preparing to push further into the Immortal world.

"Rosheng Gate?" Bai Hu and Hei Bai spoke, causing everyone's faces to become puzzled.

"What is this Rosheng Gate? It's a strange force. We must find out; if Jin Wuye continues to develop, he might become something!" Ye Fengdu spoke with a serious tone.

"Leave it to the Yin Shen Palace and Huang Tian Palace!" The group discussed, deciding to use the power of two palaces to find Jin Wuye.

On a mountain peak, Jin Wuye who had possessed Jiang Chen sat there. His aura surged and he slowly opened his eyes.

"Have so many people awakened already? It seems I was a bit late!" Jin Wuye sighed softly and then flew up, disappearing from the mountain peak.

At the same time that the hell army occupied Tianhun City, Ke Duanshan led the remaining soldiers of Supplementing Heaven City out beyond ten thousand miles from Tianhun City.

"Why hasn't the city master returned yet?" Ke Duanshan's face was anxious, his eyes filled with worry. After the battle at Tianhun City, Supplementing Heaven City had less than 300,000 people left.

"Don't worry. An Immortal King in the middle stage can escape; no one could stop him!" Long Jie comforted Ke Duanshan. Ke Duanshan's face was grim; if it hadn't been for the three of them holding back, the result might have been different.

But Ke Duanshan still dared not to retaliate; at this time, Supplementing Heaven City was weak. If it hadn't been for the three of them holding back Lu Tian and others, they might have already been completely wiped out.

Boom...

While everyone was resting, a series of booming sounds came from the distance, causing Ke Duanshan's face to change instantly. He stood up immediately.

"Who? Did hell dare to chase us again?" The soldiers of Supplementing Heaven City were instantly in chaos.

Chapter 2532: Transmission from Bai Hu and Hei Bai

A group of figures stood in the world, their bodies radiating a cold killing aura. Each one was clearly a seasoned warrior, no less than the soldiers of Kanmen.

A sea of people, perfectly arranged, filled the entire sky, like a patch of blue clouds, slowly drifting toward Long Jie and others. The heavens trembled, the world roared, and that patch of blue clouds appeared ten thousand feet away from Long Jie.

"It's not hell!" Seeing those people in blue armor, Ke Duanshan knew it wasn't hell people.

A blue battle flag fluttered in the wind, with the characters "Tianyuan" carved on it.

"It's Tianyuan Sect!" The soldiers of Supplementing Heaven City instantly recognized, their faces filled with disbelief. These people were the army that had conquered various sects in three days of Tianyuan Sect's campaign. They arrived after receiving the message, but due to some reasons, their speed was extremely slow.

"They are our people. Everyone stay calm!" Long Jie smiled and flew up to the front of Tianyuan Sect's army.

"Greetings, Elder Long!" A group of Tianyuan Sect disciples bowed and spoke respectfully to Long Jie.

"Alright, everyone rest!" Long Jie addressed them without any intention of retaking Tianhun City.

"The people of Tianyuan Sect are so strong!" The soldiers of Supplementing Heaven City looked with admiration, feeling they were no less than themselves.

"Two hundred thousand people. That should be enough for us to retake Tianhun City!" Ke Duanshan's face was filled with strong joy. Now they just needed Jiang Chen to return, and they would have a chance to reclaim Tianhun City.

"Stay here and wait for the city master's return before making a decision!" Ke Duanshan addressed the soldiers of Supplementing Heaven City. As Kanmen's people occupied Tianhun City, Wu Mian did not continue to invade but instead rested and waited for the commands of Bai Hu and Hei Bai, as well as preventing a counterattack from the Immortal world.

Time passed slowly. Ten days had gone by, and Kanmen had fully controlled Tianhun City, which made Lu Tian and others very confused.

In these ten days, the Immortal world had no movement at all. It was as if they had lost Supplementing Heaven City and Tianhun City, as if they had truly lost them. Meanwhile, the other seven ghost gates were in fierce battles; all nine immortal mountains had retaliated and fought hotly.

Ten thousand miles away from Tianhun City, a military tent was set up. Long Jie and others sat in the tent. Ke Duanshan's brows were tightly furrowed.

"Master, why hasn't he returned yet? Did something happen?" A commander of Supplementing Heaven City spoke. Now, there were only two commanders left in Supplementing Heaven City.

Ke Duanshan's face was dark. They had waited for ten days, preparing to wait for Jiang Chen's return but hadn't received it. Long Jie and others could not command them, so they had to stay here. Without an Immortal King in the middle stage, they dared not to attack recklessly.

Long Jie and others were also very confused. However, it was in line with their wishes; these two hundred thousand people had really been dragged here. Long Jie and others actually did not want to attack.

While Long Jie and others were confused, several figures appeared outside the military tent.

"Greetings to Elder Sun and Elder Run!" A respectful voice rang out, causing everyone in the tent to slightly tremble.

"They've arrived!" Long Jie's body flashed and disappeared from his original spot, appearing outside the tent. He saw who had come.

Six people in total: a round fat man, two thin men, and among them was an old man who looked lazy but had a strong aura that made Ke Duanshan feel threatened.

"Master Jiang!" The joy on Ke Duanshan's face was because of another old man with a gloomy expression.

Dressed in gray robes, his head full of white hair, he looked around at the soldiers of Supplementing Heaven City with anger.

Jiang Yuexiong was one of the top elders of Supplementing Heaven Mountain. He was the older brother of Jiujian Xian Jiang Taibai and the younger brother of Supplementing Heaven Immortal King. He was also the first alchemist in the Immortal world.

Ke Duanshan never expected Jiang Yuexiong to personally come here. He knew Jiang Yuexiong's strength well.

"Where are they? Where are the people of Supplementing Heaven City?" Jiang Yuexiong spoke seriously. Although he had prepared, seeing Ke Duanshan and others in such a state made him very angry.

He had once led troops in Supplementing Heaven City and met Lu Chong, Ye Sheng, and others there. He had a special feeling for Supplementing Heaven City. Now that it was beaten to pieces, Jiang Yuexiong felt very uncomfortable.

"Beaten! All of them are gone. Master Jiang Chen is missing and unknown whether he's alive or dead!" Ke Duanshan immediately felt like he had found a backbone and spoke to Jiang Yuexiong, recounting everything that had happened since Jiang Chen.

"Jiang Chen!" Jiang Yuexiong spoke seriously. He naturally knew Jiang Chen and his strength.

"If he had run away, he should have already returned here. If he was killed, hell people aren't stupid; they would take advantage of the chaos and attack you!" Jiang Yuexiong spoke with experience.

"Fat man, do you have any clues?" Long Jie and Yao Chen as well as Chen Zhanbiao approached the other four people.

"Got it. We came here to solve this problem; otherwise, why would we come here? It's a life-threatening place with no people!" The round fat man spoke, his voice carrying laziness.

"We went to Supplementing Heaven Mountain. Master Jiang knew about Lu Tian's situation and found a pill that could restore him, which was the Rebirth Pill. Lu Tian must have suffered spiritual damage!"

"But the Rebirth Grass used to make the Rebirth Pill is not in the Immortal world; it only exists in hell!"

"Therefore, we brought Master Jiang here. One is to stabilize the situation of Supplementing Heaven City; two is to see if we can find Rebirth Grass. Therefore, we brought Elder Zhang and these three guys!" Run Hongyu spoke, explaining to Long Jie.

The six people included four: Sun Keinian, Sima Tuo, Zhang Chenglong, and Diaodezhu. These four were quite skilled at finding things.

"Leave it to us, and you can rest easy. Ha! It's just a little Rebirth Grass; we'll find it within half a year!" Sun Keinian made a big promise, his expression was猥琐 and his eyes were full of greed.

"What are these people!" Seeing Sun Keinian and others, each with a猥琐 appearance, Ke Duanshan muttered in his heart. He felt these people were not good at all.

However, Ke Duanshan was also shocked by their strength. They were all Immortal Kings; the thin old man was an Immortal King in the middle stage, and Sun Keinian, Diaodezhu, and Sima Tuo were all Immortal Kings in the early stage. With Jiang Yuexiong, these people could easily sweep away those stationed in Tianhun City and hell.

"Alright, everyone come inside to discuss!" Jiang Yuexiong spoke to the group. Some things needed careful discussion.

For half a day, everyone was in the military tent discussing what to do next.

"First, let's restore Lu Tian's memories! Elder Zhang, this matter relies on you and your disciples. Find the Rebirth Grass and bring it back. I'll make the Rebirth Pill and have Lu Tian take it!" Jiang Yuexiong spoke, looking at Zhang Chenglong and others.

Jiang Yuexiong knew that to reclaim Supplementing Heaven City and Tianhun City again, they needed the help of Tianyuan Sect. However, Tianyuan Sect people would only act if Lu Tian was in hell. If he wasn't there, they definitely wouldn't act seriously.

"Rest assured; this matter is on us. With Dogzi, it's even more secure!" Sun Keinian spoke, obviously showing that Jiang Yuexiong had given them face.

"Within half a year, we must find the Rebirth Grass. If hell's army attacks again, we can retreat. However, there must be a limit; otherwise, the other major Immortal Kings won't agree. My brother gave me an order: we can retreat a million miles!"

"If it exceeds a million miles, then we must fight back fiercely; otherwise, the Immortal world would suffer too much!" Jiang Yuexiong spoke to everyone. It must be said that for Lu Tian, Supplementing Heaven Mountain had gone far.

"Alright, then we'll leave first. Wait for our news!" Zhang Chenglong nodded and with Sun Keinian, Sima Tuo, and Diaodezhu walked out of the military tent toward Tianhun City.

"They just left like that? Is there no problem?" Seeing the four people leave, people's eyes were full of doubt.

"Rest assured; if these four can't do it, no one else can!" Long Jie and others had smiles on their faces.

...

Long Jie's group was calm, but there were some discomforts in Tianhun City. After all, they had been waiting for a counterattack from the Immortal world, but there was no movement at all. This made it uncomfortable.

"Damn it, are you coming or not? If you don't come soon, the soldiers won't be able to stay!" Zhou Yuan complained about waiting. Every day was very tense, and they couldn't relax, fearing that the Immortal world would send people to attack them.

"Can't do it. If this continues, no one can bear it. Who knows when the Immortal world will attack us? We can't stay alert forever; the soldiers' mental state won't be able to bear it. If they don't come tomorrow, we'll take the initiative and attack ten thousand miles more; I want to see what they're up to!" Wu Mian spoke seriously.

"Good!" Others didn't have any objections, thinking that Wu Mian's words made sense.

"Lu Tian, return to the Wheel Turning Palace quickly; there is something important!" After Wu Mian issued his command, Lu Tian's mind was filled with the voices of Bai Hu and Hei Bai. Their voices were full of urgency.

"Something big happened!" Lu Tian's first thought was like that. Bai Hu and Hei Bai were major powers in hell, and for them to be so urgent, this matter was definitely very important for the Wheel Turning Palace.

"Master wants me to return. I have to leave now!" Lu Tian explained the situation to Wu Mian and immediately flew up, leaving Tianhun City toward hell.

"What happened?" Wu Mian also received the message from Bai Hu and Hei Bai. He had already sent others to Tianhun City to recall the Holy Prince Lu Tian, but he didn't say what the situation was.

Chapter 2533: Withered彼岸花

In the dim sky, Lu Tian transformed into a black light and flew through hell. The entire hell was also in chaos now, as hell had attacked the Immortal world, and many forces were constantly rushing toward Yulan's Ten Palaces and Eight Kings' Cities.

Lu Tian was puzzled. Bai Hu and Hei Bai didn't say what the matter was, but Lu Tian could sense the urgency in their voices. Therefore, he fully concentrated his cultivation and flew toward Yulan's Ten Palaces.

Time passed slowly. Lu Tian didn't rest, flying for half a month and finally returning to the Wheel Turning Palace.

"Greetings, Holy Prince!" As soon as he entered the Wheel Turning Palace, a group of disciples from the Wheel Turning Palace showed respect and bowed to Lu Tian. Many forces gathered in hell at the Wheel Turning Palace also saw Lu Tian's return.

" Holy Prince, weren't you at the ghost gate? Why have you returned?" Everyone was confused and looked at Lu Tian, who was rushing.

As soon as Lu Tian appeared, he immediately entered the dark hall where Bai Hu and Hei Bai lived.

However, he didn't find their presence. This made Lu Tian very anxious.

"Buzz..." Then a wave of energy acted on Lu Tian's body, pulling him and making him disappear from the dark hall.

"Let me out!" As the transmission power rose, Lu Tian hadn't even steadied himself when he felt a series of roaring and shouting.

"Rippling..." The Yellow River water kept surging, creating a huge wave. A group of souls floated on the river's surface. A figure stood on the bridge, constantly striking and subduing those souls back into the Yellow River.

"Master!" Lu Tian appeared on the bridge and saw the one striking, who was Bai Hu and Hei Bai. They didn't respond to Lu Tian but continued to strike hand signs, emitting a powerful wave that subdued the world and subduing those souls into the Yellow River.

"Ah..." After an hour, Bai Hu and Hei Bai finally took a deep breath. They looked at the calm Yellow River water.

"Look for yourself!" Bai Hu and Hei Bai spoke to Lu Tian, making his expression shocked. The scene was too terrifying; seeing those souls and the violently rising Yellow River water, even Lu Tian, a soul subduer, felt his skin prickled.

Lu Tian looked at the Yellow River and then saw those white彼岸 flowers on it. They were no longer like before but withered, emitting a deathly aura.

"What's going on?" Lu Tian asked. But before he could finish, he suddenly thought of Fu Xingxuan. With such a big event, how could Fu Xingxuan not appear?

"It's the girl Xingxuan who had a problem. She isn't here!" Bai Hu and Hei Bai sighed.

"Recently, the彼岸 flowers had signs of withering. I thought it was because Xingxuan was breaking through, causing changes in the彼岸 flowers. I didn't pay much attention!"

"But ten days ago, some of the彼岸 flowers withered and a soul had even escaped from the Yellow River to try to break out!"

"I realized then that Xingxuan wasn't in the Wheel Turning Hell!"

"However, it's not a big deal. Even if she wasn't in the Wheel Turning Hell, she could still be elsewhere in hell. But now that the彼岸 flowers are withering, it means Xingxuan has encountered trouble because she is the mother of the彼岸 flowers!"

"Xingxuan's rapid cultivation was because it was closely related to these彼岸 flowers, drawing the soul power from the Yellow River to strengthen herself." Bai Hu and Hei Bai explained to Lu Tian.

"Where is Xingxuan?" Lu Tian was also anxious. When he left, he felt that Fu Xingxuan had only left him a shadow with some problems but never expected an accident.

"I don't know. I've been busy with the campaign against the Immortal world, and I didn't have time to take care of her!"

"We must find her. Otherwise, the Wheel Turning Hell will be in chaos. Without the彼岸 flowers, some souls' memories can't be erased; they definitely won't want to enter reincarnation. Just relying on the Yellow River water's power isn't enough to erase some souls' memories!" Bai Hu and Hei Bai spoke loudly, their voices full of urgency. This matter was really too big.

"Ghost Swamp!" Lu Tian spoke softly, thinking for a while and slowly saying the four words.

"Why did she go to Ghost Swamp?" Hearing Lu Tian's words, Bai Hu and Hei Bai's faces slightly changed. Obviously, they had some fear of Ghost Swamp.

"Looking for someone; she must be looking for someone!" Lu Tian's face was dark. He thought of the strange place.

Autumn Cicada, Lu Tian had wanted to find her but later delayed it because of the campaign against the Immortal world. Fu Xingxuan hadn't said anything, letting Lu Tian be at ease. This matter was temporarily put on hold.

However, the Wheel Turning Palace had always been investigating. Now it seemed that Fu Xingxuan had gone alone to find Autumn Cicada.

"That must be looking for someone. This girl, why is she so reckless!" Bai Hu and Hei Bai looked unhappy after hearing Lu Tian's words. Ghost Swamp was so dangerous; even they had only entered three thousand miles before turning back and hadn't dared to go deeper.

"At the moment, I can't leave. This place needs me to take charge; only I can handle it!"

"This matter, you must go. The fewer people who know about this, the better!" Bai Hu and Hei Bai spoke to Lu Tian. They were worried that other regions would find out, causing trouble.

"Okay, I'll go!" Lu Tian nodded. No matter what the reason was, he had to go because it was Fu Xingxuan. Compared to Fu Xingxuan, other matters were not important.

"I'll prepare for you. You'll leave shortly. I'll give you the route I used to enter Ghost Swamp before, but don't expect too much. The outer part of Ghost Swamp is all swamps; there's no real route!" Bai Hu and Hei Bai spoke to Lu Tian, also giving him some notes on precautions.

An hour later, Lu Tian walked out of the Wheel Turning Palace with a serious face and flew toward the west of the Wheel Turning Palace.

Lu Tian was regretful, regretting that he should have discovered Fu Xingxuan's problem earlier and stopped her. Otherwise, she wouldn't be in danger now.

"It's Ghost Swamp!" Lu Tian silently prayed that Fu Xingxuan wouldn't encounter any life-threatening danger and hurriedly increased his speed.

Ghost Swamp was located at the edge of hell. No one knew how big it was because few people had returned from Ghost Swamp, and even those who did hadn't reached the deepest part.

Lu Tian flew for seven days and finally arrived at the outer edge of Ghost Swamp, ten thousand miles away from Ghost Swamp.

At this time, Ghost King City was unusually lively. Important figures under the Ghost King's forces were stationed in Ghost King City.

In the mansion of the Ghost King, the previous Ghost King, Mo Du, was in a bad mood.

Hell attacked the Immortal world; eight kings followed Yulan's Ten Palaces to attack the ghost gate. His son, Mota, also went to attack hell's ghost gate.

At first, it was very smooth. They had entered the Immortal world ten thousand miles, but later the Immortal world retaliated strongly. Mota was carried back.

"Useless! All of you are useless!" Mo Du cursed, and several ghost cultivators timidly came out from the room.

"Dad, it's nothing serious. My legs just can't move!" Mota lay in bed with a smile on his face.

Mota's face had an aged look, obviously having grown from participating in the war.

"Can't do it. If this continues, you'll be corroded all over eventually. I'll take you to Yulan's Ten Palaces; there must be a way!" Mo Du shook his head and didn't want his son to live like this forever.

Lu Tian walked through the streets of Ghost King City without haste. He had flown back from Supplementing Heaven City to the Wheel Turning Palace and then from the Wheel Turning Palace to Ghost King City. His energy had been greatly consumed, so he planned to rest for a night in Ghost King City before heading to Ghost Swamp.

"Should I disturb the Ghost King? After all, this is Ghost King City. As a Holy Prince of the Wheel Turning Palace, would it cause any resentment from the Ghost King?" Lu Tian thought to himself.

"Lu Tian!" However, as Lu Tian was thinking, a shout rang out in his ears, making him slightly startled.

"It's such a coincidence!" Lu Tian saw the person who shouted and smiled, bowing to him.

"Ghost King Elder, I'm just passing through Ghost King City. I apologize for disturbing!" Lu Tian smiled lightly but was slightly startled when he saw Mota sitting in a cart beside the Ghost King.

"Brother Mota, what's wrong with you?" Lu Tian saw that gray gas was surging on Mota's legs, constantly pushing toward his upper body.

"This is death energy!" Lu Tian thought to himself and immediately felt the power of this death energy. It was definitely not something ordinary people could use.

"Nothing, it's just a small injury on the battlefield!" Mota smiled and bowed to Lu Tian.

"Master Lu, do you have a way to heal my son? If it's possible, I owe you a favor!" Mo Du looked at Lu Tian with expectation in his eyes.

"I can only try. I don't have much confidence!" Lu Tian frowned and approached Mota to examine his legs.

"Need a power stronger than death energy to suppress it and push it out of the body!" Lu Tian thought for a moment and spoke to Mo Du and his son.

"A stronger power?" Hearing Lu Tian's words, both of their hearts suddenly felt a jolt. What kind of power could be stronger than the power of life and death?

"There is, six realms of reincarnation!" Lu Tian replied. He pointed his finger, and a whirlpool appeared on it, pressing toward Mota's thigh.

Crack... Crack... Crack...

Six sounds of cracking came from Mota's body, forming a cycle at six places on his body. A powerful wave began to circulate around Mota's body, constantly suppressing the strong death energy.

Chapter 2534: Ghost Swamp

"Six realms of reincarnation power!" The Ghost King's face was full of shock, watching Mota's body with six whirlpools constantly rotating and suppressing the death energy.

"It worked!" The Ghost King looked at the gray gas gradually being suppressed, directly eliminated by the six realms of reincarnation power and turned into part of the cycle. His eyes showed joy.

Time passed slowly. After an hour, Mota's face was covered in sweat and he let out a low roar. The death energy completely disappeared.

"Thank you, Holy Prince!" Mo Du bowed to Lu Tian. He never expected it would be so simple.

"Thank you, Brother Lu!" Mota smiled lightly. He felt that the six whirlpools on his body had disappeared, and he was shocked at how much Lu Tian had strengthened.

"Just a small favor!" Lu Tian waved his hand, but Mo Du and his son invited him into the Ghost King's mansion.

"Brother Lu, are you going to Ghost Swamp?" Mo Du and his son looked at Lu Tian with disbelief.

"Brother Lu, you shouldn't go. Ghost Swamp is too dangerous; it's beyond our ability to enter!" Mo Du spoke with seriousness.

"Indeed, Brother Lu. It's said that even gods can't leave this place. None of the palace masters dare to enter Ghost Swamp recklessly!" Mota also spoke, trying to persuade Lu Tian.

"Both of you don't need to persuade me. I've made up my mind!" Lu Tian gently shook his head. Although he had been traveling for these days, he was in contact with Bai Hu and Hei Bai. During these days of traveling, Bai Hu and Hei Bai hadn't found Fu Xingxuan.

"Since that's the case, Brother Lu, we won't persuade you anymore. I'll go with you tomorrow!" Mota spoke softly, making Lu Tian slightly startled.

Even Mo Du hadn't expected Mota to say that. Although he owed Lu Tian a favor, it wasn't such a way to repay it.

"Better not. I'll go in alone. Please tell me about the Ghost Swamp situation in your Ghost King City!" Lu Tian gently shook his head.

"No, Brother Lu. I have the Moon Eclipse Eye. In Ghost Swamp, there are toxic barriers and mists. My Moon Eclipse Eye can see through the mists and detect danger in advance, which would be a greater guarantee for you!" Mota smiled slightly.

"Moreover, I have a feeling that by following you, I might find that person. Although he took my other Moon Eclipse Eye, this connection sometimes makes me feel like I can see what the other eye sees!" Mota spoke seriously, his eyes filled with anger.

"Since that's the case, okay. But I can't guarantee your safety!" Lu Tian still said it upfront because he couldn't even ensure his own safety.

"Don't worry. I have some means to protect myself!" Mota smiled slightly.

"Okay!" Seeing Mota's persistence, Lu Tian had no reason to refuse. After all, Mota's Moon Eclipse Eye was very useful.

Lu Tian and Mota rested for a night in Ghost King City. The next day, they flew toward the direction of Ghost Swamp.

"Brother Lu, I feel someone is watching you. Be careful!" As they flew, Mota spoke to Lu Tian, making him slightly startled.

"How do you mean that?" Lu Tian's brows slightly furrowed. He didn't know why Mota said this.

"Remember the person who stole my Moon Eclipse Eye in the Reincarnation Pool? Sometimes I can see what he sees. Once, I faintly saw you!" Mota spoke, making Lu Tian cautious.

"Yan Huanyu?" Lu Tian's brows slightly furrowed. He knew the person was named Yan Huanyu but had forgotten about previous events.

"Yes, someone who could be so free despite the tracking by the Wheel Turning Palace and our Ghost King City. He must not be simple!"

"My father has found some clues, but he hasn't dared to investigate further!" Mota spoke seriously.

"Never mind. Let it be whatever it is!" Lu Tian sighed in his heart. At the moment, he wanted to find Fu Xingxuan and Cold Autumn Cicada.

...

As soon as Lu Tian and Mota left Ghost King City, the Ghost King Mo Du received a report.

"Moon Soul Mountain?" Mo Du's eyes slightly narrowed and spoke to his subordinates: "All semi-Immortal Kings and Immortal Kings, follow me to Moon Soul Mountain. I want to see who dared to steal my son's Moon Eclipse Eye!"

Numerous figures quickly arrived at the city hall, following Mo Du and flying toward the south of Ghost King City.

A massive mountain appeared before Mo Du, making his heart slightly jump. As an Immortal King in the middle stage, he instinctively felt a sense of danger from this blood-red mountain.

"Let's go!" Mo Du felt the mountain was sinister. Although it wasn't very large, it made him feel nervous and wanted to leave.

"Ghost King, won't you come sit with us?" As Mo Du was about to lead people away, a cold voice came from the mountain peak. Several figures appeared on the mountain peak, looking at Mo Du and his people below.

Boom...

Blood mist rose instantly, enveloping Mo Du's group. Mo Du's face slightly changed.

Meanwhile, Lu Tian and Mota had flown for a long time and reached the edge of Ghost Swamp.

Black smoke surrounded the sky, making it impossible to see what was inside. A damp and cold atmosphere passed through the air, making Lu Tian feel uncomfortable.

"Brother Lu, be careful. Follow me closely. This swamp is two thousand miles deep. We need to fly over it; don't fall into this swamp, or you'll be swallowed and lost forever!" Mota warned Lu Tian.

"Yes!" Lu Tian nodded. He also felt the sense of danger from the deep mist, stronger than any dangerous place he had entered before.

"Let's go!" Mota spoke and flew up, leading Lu Tian into the black mist. Lu Tian pulled himself together and followed Mota at a height of five hundred feet, flying over the endless swamp.

As soon as they entered the mist, Lu Tian felt a strong pressure pressing on him. It wasn't the pressure of cultivation but the power of heaven and earth.

"This is just the beginning. It's not too strong. Five hundred feet is the best distance. If you go over five hundred feet, the pressure will increase. If you go under five hundred feet, it will also increase. Five hundred feet is the best; this is the experience of previous people!" Mota spoke, and they flew over the endless swamp.

Two thousand miles. If it had been before, Lu Tian and Mota could have reached there in less than an hour. But now it was extremely slow, as the black mist was too thick and they dared not to go too deep.