

“Boom……” The drum’s sound echoed, shaking heaven and earth. Invisible waves spread from the golden great drum, sweeping across all directions. Yet Luo Tian’s body was like a kite with broken strings, flying backward and spitting blood before falling onto the ground.

“Cough… cough…” Luo Tian spat blood, gazing at the massive drum. Not even a single mark had been left upon it.

“Even if an Immortal King arrived, he couldn’t shatter this!” Luo Tian’s eyes bore a bitter smile. He had used half his strength, yet it hadn’t moved an inch.

“Full power one more time!” Luo Tian roared, his cultivation energy surging through his body and gathering into his right arm. His entire right arm thickened by a few inches, brimming with explosive power. The Huangquan Step activated, and Luo Tian added his immense impact force to his fist.

“Woo…”, the void trembled. Five shadowy fists erupted, five times his physical strength combined with all his cultivation energy—Luo Tian’s ultimate punch was unleashed, capable of shaking even an Immortal King.

“Boom……” The thunderous sound echoed to the heavens, shaking all directions. The golden drum emitted a deafening roar, and violent winds swept through the void. Luo Tian was thrown backward thousands of feet, landing heavily on the ground.

“Hua…” Luo Tian spat blood profusely, even expelling fragments of his internal organs. The immense counter-force made his head throb painfully, nearly knocking him unconscious.

After a full minute, Luo Tian finally regained composure. His gaze fell upon the drum still standing there, his eyes filled with bitterness.

“Impossible! The previous two trials were only at the level of a True Immortal, yet I could have resisted them. If it weren’t for my cultivation in the Heart-Demon Scripture, I would’ve passed through the lightning trials completely. How could it become so difficult all of a sudden?” Luo Tian shouted, his voice laced with frustration. This drum could halt anyone’s progress—even an Immortal King at the early stage.

“Kid, why are you so pitiful?” Just as Luo Tian was unsure how to proceed, Butian Shi’s voice echoed within his mind.

“Butian Shi!” Luo Tian’s eyes lit up with joy. He sat cross-legged on the ground, beginning to recover while awaiting news from Butian Shi.

“Kid, this tower is truly a treasure. It has ninety-nine levels. The glistening golden object at the top must be something valuable, as it contains a fragment of world power. That’s why this tower exudes the aura of an ancient artifact.”

“If you manage to pass through all ninety-nine levels, your strength will surely rise to the early Immortal King stage!”

“I’ve also seen a woman and an old man. They’ve reached sixty-seven levels and twenty-something levels respectively. It must be the one you’re searching for,” Butian Shi explained, describing what he had observed.

“Ninety-nine levels…” Luo Tian’s lips twitched. He had only reached the third level, and already this was unbearable. If it were ninety-nine levels, even an Immortal King at the middle stage might not make it!” Luo Tian felt speechless.

“Don’t lose heart. I saw your little girlfriend has only reached the early True Immortal stage, yet she’s already at twenty-something levels. That means this third level must be easy to pass!” Butian Shi comforted him.

“Impossible!” Luo Tian widened his eyes, disbelief flooding through him. He was at the threshold of an Immortal King! He remembered that when he left, Gu Qianxue had no cultivation at all. Even with her True Immortal early stage, how could she withstand this drum?

Yet Luo Tian felt relieved that Gu Qianxue and Huo Zhu hadn’t suffered any harm. For Luo Tian, this was the best news.

“Surely there must be another way!” Luo Tian’s eyes gleamed with contemplation. According to Butian Shi, he had only reached the third level—there was definitely a way through.

“I won’t back down!” Luo Tian’s eyes flashed with determination. Feeling embarrassed, he leapt into the air again, charging toward the golden drum.

“Boom… boom… boom…” The heavy sound of impact echoed through heaven and earth. Luo Tian repeatedly attacked the drum, but each time he returned in a pitiful state. At times, his physical body nearly shattered.

“Enough! I can’t do this anymore!” After ten days of relentless attacks, the drum showed no signs of breaking. Luo Tian was forced to concede. This was his first time ever giving up—it was simply too difficult. During those ten days, he had even used the Heavenly Demon’s Body-Shattering Technique once, but it was still futile. Luo Tian had finally been defeated.

Luo Tian wasn’t one to give up halfway, but against this drum, he felt a sense of helplessness.

“Butian Shi, take me out!” Luo Tian sighed deeply and transmitted his thoughts to Butian Shi.

“Can’t leave. Unless someone subdues this Zhaotian Tower and releases you, even I can’t take you out…”

“Or perhaps you can withstand the pressure that subdued you before. However, that pressure is world power—something beyond even heavenly strength. Not only you, but even an Immortal King at the late stage would be unable to endure it. Only an Immortal King at the peak might withstand the pressure and escape forcefully,” Butian Shi replied, causing Luo Tian to slump in despair.

“So that means unless the person inside the tower subdues it, they’ll be trapped forever?” Luo Tian’s eyes widened in disbelief. This was clearly a robbery.

“Indeed, unless I return to my peak state and shatter this tower to create an exit,” Butian Shi replied.

“Damn it, that’s really making things hard for me…” Luo Tian felt helpless. He had barely entered and was already trapped at the third level. To break through ninety-nine levels, he’d have to wait until he reached the late Immortal King stage.

“Don’t lose heart. Sometimes, it’s about luck. Like me—had you not been careless and taken me in, I wouldn’t have become your master. Who else could be as unlucky as me?” Hearing Luo Tian’s words, Butian Shi cursed, recalling how he, a legendary Butian Stone, had been claimed while sleeping. The more he thought about it, the more exasperated he felt.

“Luck—Gu Qianxue must have had some luck to pass through!” Luo Tian’s eyes gleamed with determination, pondering where he differed from Gu Qianxue.

“It was my overreliance on brute force!” This realization made Luo Tian understand something. He began to think deeply.

“I see! These past days, I’ve only tried to break through the drum with brute force. He said that if it were shattered, even though the drumskin was thin, it couldn’t be broken with a drumstick. But if you pierced it with a sword or blade, it would definitely shatter!”

Luo Tian slapped his head in frustration for not thinking of this sooner. He withdrew the Dragon Abyss Sword and leapt into the air, charging toward the golden drum.

“Woo…” The Dragon Abyss Sword erupted with power, its sharp blade slicing through the void and instantly reaching the drum.

“Plop…” That which had tormented Luo Tian so cruelly was as fragile as paper before the Dragon Abyss Sword, and it was pierced through.

Chapter 2360: Reencountering the Monk