

“Everyone, the turmoil of the Underworld is about to begin. Our Divine Clan hopes that every strong individual from the Nine Realms will come to our Divine Clan to discuss how to deal with this Underworld turmoil! The time is the ninth day of the ninth month!” Sun Shengtian’s authoritative voice echoed beneath the stars, clearly not addressed to a single person—others from the other Realms would also receive this message.

“Turbulence in the Underworld. I hope all Realms can set aside past grievances and unite against our enemy. May everyone come, for I Sun Shengtian, with my Divine Clan disciples, will welcome you with open arms!” Sun Shengtian’s voice rang out again, as if hinting at something.

As his words faded, Sun Shengtian’s spectral image vanished into the stars, and the ancient mirror shattered with a thunderous crash—clearly an imitation that had been copied.

The people of the Four Sacred Star Realms and the Fire Domain furrowed their brows. Sun Shengtian’s words had stirred them, especially for the weaker Four Sacred Star Realms and Fire Domain. If they could unite with the other eight Realms besides the Underworld, their chances of confronting the Underworld would double.

“Foxes giving hens a New Year’s greeting—no good intentions!” However, people were skeptical of Sun Shengtian’s words. After all, Luotian had already angered the Divine Clan completely before. Though Sun Shengtian claimed to set aside past grievances, who could know if they would renege?

“Luotian, perhaps we should give up. This might be a banquet set for you!” The people of the two Realms looked at Luotian with contemplative expressions and spoke.

Chapter 1,161: The Nine Realms United

On the Tongtian Continent, beyond the Star Realms, the people of the Four Sacred Star Realms and Fire Domain urged Luotian to abandon this gathering organized by the Divine Clan, believing it was a scheme with ill intentions. They feared the Divine Clan would take advantage of the opportunity to eliminate Luotian.

Luotian furrowed his brows, standing there with a contemplative gaze as he weighed the pros and cons of attending this Nine Realms United Assembly.

If the Nine Realms truly united, it would be a tremendous help for the weaker Four Sacred Star Realms and Fire Domain. In fact, Luotian had already made his decision when he heard the Divine King Sun Shengtian’s words.

Luotian decided to go again to the Divine Clan, for it was an opportunity for the Four Sacred Star Realms and Fire Domain. He didn’t want to miss it, even if he didn’t unite with the Divine Clan—uniting with the Revenant Realm, Chaos Realm, and Starry Realm was also a good choice.

What he pondered was whether to go alone or with others. If the Divine Clan caused trouble, it would be easy for him to escape. Luotian was now confident in his strength; even if he faced a half-step Epoch-level powerhouse, he could escape. Moreover, he had the ability to severely injure a half-step Epoch-level opponent. If he brought others along, escaping would be complicated.

“Luotian, I also advise you not to go. Sun Miechen is in seclusion, attempting to reach the peak of a Sage. If he encounters you, he will definitely cause trouble. Also, some sects from the Divine and Demon Realms wish to flatter our Divine Clan. If they meet you, they won’t let you leave easily!” Sun Feiwen’s face bore a worried expression as he spoke to Luotian. Though he was a member of the Divine Clan, he did not wish for Luotian to go to the Divine Clan.

“Sun Shengtian sent you to deliver this message. He must have guessed our good relationship. He probably also anticipated that you would inform me! Therefore, he has a certain sincerity, and this sincerity must be earned through strength.”

“I have decided to go to the Divine Clan!” Luotian spoke softly amidst the clamor of others, his voice carrying a resolute tone.

“I object…”

“I also object…” As Luotian’s words fell, the elder masters of the group immediately protested.

“Respected elders, hear me out. My current strength is at the Sage Peak. With many techniques, even a half-step Epoch-level powerhouse would find it difficult to kill me. Please rest assured!” Luotian wore a bitter smile, at a loss with these elders—neither could he fight nor scold them.

“Moreover, Master Diao Yuanshan of the Beast Realm will protect me. Also, the Demon Lord has a good relationship with me. Even if the Divine Clan’s resources emerge, I have ways to escape calmly. Therefore, please don’t worry! This matter concerns the survival of our two Realms, so I must take a risk!”

Luotian spoke earnestly and persuasively to the elders, his face showing sincerity.

“Kid, I still say this: if you’re going to die, at least let me know beforehand. Don’t leave my four daughters-in-law widows!” Luoxiong’s face was dark as he spoke to Luotian. He knew Luotian’s character; back then in the Immortal Ancient Ruins, he hadn’t been able to hold Luotian back. At that time, Luotian was weak. Now, Luotian’s strength had become the strongest in the Four Sacred Star Realms.

“Take more people with you! That way, we can rest easy!” Seeing that Luoxiong hadn’t stopped them, the others couldn’t refuse to advise further. They just hoped Luotian would take more people.

“Don’t need to. I alone am enough!” Luotian gently shook his head. Though he said there was no danger, he knew that once he entered the Divine and Demon Realms, it would become perilous. There was no choice—his enemies were too many, and he had offended the mighty Divine Clan of the Nine Realms.

“Luotian, I must go with you!” Wan Lingkong’s face showed a slight smile as he spoke to Luotian. With him, he could always set up a teleportation array, facilitating Luotian’s escape.

“I’m going too. If you don’t take me, you’re looking down on me!” Other young masters also spoke up, demanding to accompany Luotian to the Divine and Demon Realms.

Luotian naturally refused, not wanting too many people. However, under the insistence of Luoxiong and others, he eventually relented, agreeing to go with Wan Lingkong, Chen Zhanbiao, Xin, Gu Lei, and Xu Liziyi to the Divine Clan. These people’s current strength had become top-tier in the Four Sacred Star Realms, and they were also quite smooth—having experienced many desperate situations with Luotian, their默契 was exceptional.

As for Jiang Nanxuan, Luotian left him in the Four Sacred Star Realms. He also didn’t take the Ancient Palace of the Ancestors, since he didn’t know when the Underworld would launch a major invasion. If they attacked while Luotian was away, the Fire Domain had the Ancient Palace to protect itself. Luotian knew only Jiang Nanxuan could activate the Ancient Palace and unleash its powerful abilities.

They didn’t linger long, spending a day to say goodbye to their loved ones and decided to go to the Divine Clan the next day. Sun Feiwen and Sun Feili returned to the Divine Clan, stating that after returning, they would not reveal Luotian’s attendance at the assembly.

Night...

Luotian walked with his four wives and son Luoli on the Tongtian Mountains, contently. His heart was unusually calm—only when with his four wives did he shed all his disguises, appearing as a common husband, losing his authority and coldness.

The four women were also celestial prodigies of their time but chose to support and protect him behind his back.

Under the night, Luotian and the four women stood on a mountain peak. The peak was sharp, blowing against their faces. Luoli had already fallen asleep in Gu Qianxue’s arms, occasionally pouting his lips. The scene was unusually harmonious.

“Thank you for your efforts!” Luotian’s face softened as he looked at the four women, his gaze filled with deep affection and a strong sense of regret.

Since marrying the four women, Luotian had lived with them in separation. He knew he wasn’t a good husband.

“We are spouses; as wives, we shouldn’t be your burden!” Jiang Sishi spoke, her voice soft and gentle. One could not tell that this woman was once a ruthless sect leader; now she seemed like a tender little wife.

Gu Qianxue, Leng Qiuchan, and Sun Mengru nodded gently. Their gazes were soft—these women had once been strong but now seemed like little wives, watching their husband.

“Hmph! Our only demand is that you don’t flirt with other women!” However, the four women then revealed their true nature, eyes fierce as they glared at Luotian with threatening looks.

“Dare? Dare? We should go to bed, right? They say a short separation is better than a long one. Look at how long we’ve been apart, huh? Little Luotian has been holding it in for so long!” Luotian smiled as he spoke to his four wives, grabbing Luoli and sending him into the void without further care.

“Hum…” The teleportation power spread across Luotian and the four women, instantly appearing in a large room. He wore a satisfied expression, secretly admiring his mother’s foresight.

“Haha… my wife, I’m here!” Luotian lunged onto the big bed like a wolf, the fragrance alluring.

“Go away…”

“Ugh… annoying…” A barrier rose. Springtime was boundless, and the room fell into darkness amidst the four women’s curses.

Morning sunlight poured in. Luotian wore a satisfied expression, looking at his four wives who were娇滴滴 (delicate), sighed longingly, dressed himself, and stepped out of the door.

Beyond the Star Realms on Tongtian Continent, Xu Liziyi had been waiting there for a long time. His gaze carried a hint of bitterness, awaiting Luotian’s arrival—unlike his usual carefree demeanor.

“What's wrong? Didn’t you succeed again?” Luotian smiled as he approached the Star Realms’ edge, seeing Xu Liziyi with a frown. He spoke softly.

“Sigh… Luotian, what are you made of? This is my 990th proposal! She still refuses to accept!” Xu Liziyi sighed longingly.

“Uh…” Luotian was speechless, surprised that Xu Liziyi had proposed so many times.

“Haha… brother, the girl isn’t that easy to chase. You should ask Luotian for help. Back then, I got together with my wife because of this kid! If Luotian helps you, it’ll be foolproof!” Zheng Xin’s face also showed a flirtatious expression as she stood under the stars, feeling pity for Xu Liziyi’s frown.

“Exactly. You’re always like a fly, eating and drinking while proposing. If I were Qingqing’s sister, I wouldn’t accept either!” Gu Lei’s voice thundered as he approached the three people, his eyes showing disdain.

“Big brother, don’t worry. I also don’t have a wife. I’ll stay with you!” Chen Zhanbiao’s deep voice appeared in their sight, his simple nature giving him a special bond with Luotian and Xu Liziyi. He hadn’t slept all night, just to be taken by Luotian and stay here—there was nothing interesting on Tongtian Mountain, plus he knew that following Luotian would keep him fed.

“Haha! Zhanbiao, good man!” Zheng Xin and Gu Lei laughed, their eyes filled with mischief as they looked at Chen Zhanbiao and Xu Liziyi.

“Go away!” Xu Liziye saw their eyes and knew they had some sinister thoughts.

“Sigh… I’m also an old brother. I don’t know when my true love will come!” Wan Lingkong, dressed in white, walked into their sight, looking at Xu Liziye with a sense of shared suffering.

“Alright, alright. Once we get through this crisis, I’ll help you!” Luotian looked at Xu Liziye and Wan Lingkong, scolding them with a smile.

“Let’s go. The time is about right. We should head to the Divine and Demon Realms now—this is the current priority!” Luotian didn’t wait for others to speak, he activated the ancient warship and climbed aboard, urging it forward.

Gu Lei and others saw this and also stepped onto the ancient warship. The ship roared with thunder under Luotian’s command, disappearing beyond the Tongtian Continent.

Chapter 1,162: Ambush

Amidst the stars, the ancient warship continuously穿梭 (zuo chuan), now Luotian’s strength was at Sage Peak, and he could control the ancient warship with incredible speed. It resembled a meteor, appearing at the entrance to the Beast Realm in just one and a half days.

“Let’s go. See if Master Diao is already gone. If not, we can travel together!” Luotian smiled as he urged the ship into the Beast Realm.

As soon as they entered the Beast Realm, Luotian’s expression slightly changed. He saw two unfamiliar figures—entirely red in color, somewhat lazy and standing there.

Luotian had visited the Beast Realm’s entrance many times before. It was usually guarded by the Rhino Clan's two brothers, Xiniu and Xiniu. He was very familiar with them.

Unexpectedly, they had changed so quickly. Luotian had once heard Xiniu mention that the entrance was replaced every ten years. Though it had been a long time, it still lacked several years to reach the ten-year mark.

“Phoenix Clan?” Luotian furrowed his brows, looking at the two young men who were lazily standing there. Through their aura, he felt they were from the Phoenix Clan.

“Stop!” As Luotian was observing them, they also saw this impressive ancient warship. Their faces changed and they shouted at Luotian’s group.

“What's the matter?” Luotian furrowed his brows, sensing their disdain and greed in their eyes. He had no particular fondness for the Phoenix Clan, so his voice carried a slight chill and pressure descended upon them.

“Sage Peak!” The two Phoenix Clan disciples were merely at the Superhuman level. Facing Luotian’s slight pressure, they couldn’t withstand it and immediately fell to their knees in the stars, sweat pouring down their faces.

“No… no problem. Master, we are just conducting a routine inspection. Please descend from the warship so we can see your true form. Now that Underworld turmoil is about to begin, our ancestors have ordered strict checks for those entering the Beast Realm to prevent Underworld infiltrators!” One of the young men spoke nervously, his voice filled with respect. There was no more arrogance or laziness.

“Ah!” Luotian spoke softly, and the two Superhumans were merely strong-looking ants in his eyes. He didn’t intend to trouble them.

Luotian waved his hand, and the warship’s barrier slowly opened, revealing their true forms.

“Lu… Luotian…” Seeing Luotian’s true form, the two young men's faces changed drastically. How many in the Nine Realms didn’t know Luotian? He was someone they had to look up to.

“Welcome, Master Lu!” Facing such a person, the two young men, though belonging to the Phoenix Clan, dared not be disrespectful. They bowed respectfully to Luotian.

“Alright, no problem. We’ll go now!” Luotian didn’t trouble them and spoke softly. The warship hummed as it passed by the two young men, disappearing from their sight.

“Too terrifying. No wonder Luotian is so powerful. Just the aura he released was enough to make me unable to withstand it, and I couldn’t even look at him!” One of the young men looked with admiration at the disappearing ancient warship, speaking softly.

“What’s there to be proud of? The younger master once said that if we met people from the Four Sacred Star Realms, we should immediately inform the clan! This Luotian is indeed from the Four Sacred Star Realms!” After speaking, he took a red feather in his hand and activated it, turning it into a small phoenix.

“Four Sacred Star Realms, Luotian, and his friends have arrived at the Beast Realm!” The young man spoke to the small phoenix, his voice forming strange symbols that were imprinted into the phoenix. Finally, it shattered in his hand.

“Boom… boom…” However, just as the phoenix flew out of the young man’s hand and shattered, the two young men's bodies exploded with a thunderous sound, turning into two clouds of blood that scattered in the stars.

On the warship, Luotian’s eyes flashed with coldness. He looked at the Beast Realm's Holy City and spoke softly: “Phoenix Clan, it seems you still won’t give up!”

Luotian’s spiritual awareness was incredibly powerful. Even though they had disappeared from the two young men's sight, their every move was still clearly seen by Luotian. When the phoenix shattered, he already knew they had sent a message to the Phoenix Clan, and their intention was obvious.

“Unexpectedly, we haven’t even reached the Divine and Demon Realms yet; already there is killing in the Beast Realm!” Luotian sighed softly, and a killing intent rose from him.

Gu Lei and others heard Luotian’s words and their faces turned serious. They knew the road ahead would not be easy.

In the Phoenix Clan’s territory within the Beast Realm, a powerful aura spread through every member of the clan. The overwhelming bloodline pressure made the Phoenix Clan members’ faces show ecstatic expressions.

On the ancient and solemn altar of the Phoenix Clan, Feng Jiutian sat with a serious expression. Flames circled around him, and a red phoenix shadow hovered above his head, circling the sky. Finally, it dove into Feng Jiutian’s body.

The altar echoed with a hum, and a wild wave spread from it. The sky darkened, and Feng Jiutian slowly opened his eyes. Two flames danced in his eyes before disappearing.

“Sage Peak aura! Phoenixes are reborn through fire. I never thought Jiutian truly succeeded. His bloodline is no less than the Dragon Clan’s Long Zhan Tian! Jiutian has reached Sage Peak. Haha! This is a great joy for the Phoenix Clan!” Many elders of the Phoenix Clan looked at Feng Jiutian standing up and laughed loudly.

“With such an age, reaching Sage Peak. Who is Jiutian’s match among the Nine Realms’ prodigies!”

“Yes, it's said that the Divine Clan’s Sun Miechen is also in seclusion to reach Sage Peak. I don’t think Luotian has reached Sage Peak either. No one from the other Realms’ prodigies have been heard to reach Sage Peak. Jiutian must be the first!” The Phoenix Clan members discussed and praised Feng Jiutian.

Feng Jiutian wore a satisfied expression, looking at the clan members with their ecstatic admiration. He gently clenched his hand and looked into the void: “Luotian, I never thought you would come. I have entered Sage Peak. If we meet again, I will definitely repay the humiliation you once gave me. Also, Yan Hongtao, I’ll make you suffer too. Don’t forget how you once chased me and almost killed me. If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have reached Sage Peak so quickly!”

At the moment Feng Jiutian’s face showed a sinister expression, a red phoenix shadow slowly formed in front of the Phoenix Clan members. A young man’s voice echoed in their ears, which was the same as the one who had sent a message to the Phoenix Clan at the Beast Realm entrance.

“Boom…” Feng Jiutian heard the young man’s report of Luotian arriving at the Beast Realm and his face showed joy. He grabbed the shadow and shattered it, his eyes filled with killing intent.

“I never thought I had just ascended when Luotian would personally come to me!” Feng Jiutian muttered softly, then spoke to the Phoenix Clan members.

“Issue orders. Search for Luotian’s whereabouts thoroughly. If found, report immediately!” Feng Jiutian didn’t leave the altar but sat back on it to consolidate his newly ascended cultivation.

The Phoenix Clan members moved at the sound of orders, disappearing from their territory. Not only the Phoenix Clan but also the eight major clans allied with them moved as well, issuing orders to their subordinate tribes and spreading out from the Holy City to search for Luotian’s group.

Actually, there was no need for the Beast Realm people to search. The destination of Luotian’s group was clearly the Holy City, but they didn’t know that Diao Yuanshan had left with Long Jie and Diao Dezhu two days ago, heading to the Divine and Demon Realms.

Also, the elders of the eight major clans in the Beast Realm had followed Diao Yuanshan to the Divine and Demon Realms, discussing how to deal with the Underworld. Now, in the Holy City, Feng Jiutian’s words were almost like an imperial decree.

“Many people indeed,” Luotian furrowed his brows, the ancient warship sailing through the stars of the Beast Realm. He felt people constantly watching from all sides, knowing that the Phoenix Clan had definitely received news of his entry into the Beast Realm.

Luotian didn’t intend to attack these people. Due to Diao Yuanshan, he didn’t want to massacre in the Beast Realm. He knew they were small clans relying on the eight major clans for survival, and if he killed them all, it would harm relations between the Fire Domain and Four Sacred Star Realms with the Beast Realm.

However, Luotian didn’t fear them. His current strength was comparable to that of clan elders. As long as it wasn’t a half-step Epoch-level powerhouse, Luotian had no fear. He knew the Beast Realm only had Diao Yuanshan as a power at the beginning of an epoch. As for the Beast Realm’s resources, Luotian knew they wouldn’t emerge unless there was a clan-destroying crisis.

Time passed slowly. Luotian fully activated the warship, and after two days, he finally arrived at the outskirts of the Beast Realm’s Holy City.

During these two days, Luotian's movements were all recorded by Feng Jiutian. Feng Jiutian had already emerged from seclusion a day earlier, constantly listening to Luotian’s movements. Upon discovering that Luotian was heading toward the Holy City, he guessed Luotian’s intention.

“Now that Diao Clan's old man isn’t here, I wonder who can protect you this time, Luotian. You must have never thought that the Beast Realm’s Holy City would be your death place!” Feng Jiutian wore a cold smile, his figure flickering and disappearing from the Phoenix Clan’s territory to appear outside the Holy City in the stars, waiting for Luotian's arrival.

As soon as Feng Jiutian appeared, Luotian also activated the ancient warship and arrived at the outskirts of the Holy City. He saw Feng Jiutian, whose aura was overwhelming.

“Feng Jiutian? I thought it was who, but you’ve definitely improved!” Luotian wore a slight smile. His powerful spiritual awareness detected Feng Jiutian standing nearby and spoke softly.

Chapter 1,163: Phoenix Dance Nine Heavens

Outside the Holy City in the stars, Feng Jiutian looked at the ancient warship approaching with a killing intent. His eyes flashed with red light, casting it toward the ship’s Luotian group.

Luotian wore a smile but his eyes flashed with coldness. He and Feng Jiutian faced each other across the void, their battle intent rising slowly, causing Gu Lei and others to wear serious expressions.

Phoenix cries rang out. A group of Phoenix Clan figures flew from the Holy City, appearing behind Feng Jiutian. Their eyes carried mockery as they looked at Luotian’s group who had arrived outside the Holy City.

“Originally, Master Diao and Long Jie and Diao Dezhu weren’t in the Holy City. Now, Feng Jiutian is the strongest among the Holy City,” Luotian wore an indifferent expression. Even if Feng Jiutian had greatly improved, he still didn’t regard him as a threat.

“Luotian! Come crawling to me!” Feng Jiutian stood high above, recalling the times he had been nearly killed by Luotian. Even his wings had been roasted and eaten, so Feng Jiutian’s face turned fierce. His Sage Peak aura spread out toward Luotian's group.

“Spit… what are you?” Gu Lei and others stood in front of Luotian, not feeling the overwhelming aura from Feng Jiutian. They shouted at Feng Jiutian.

“Little sparrow, are you bringing food again?” Chen Zhanbiao saw Feng Jiutian immediately and his mouth drooled. Among all the foods Chen Zhanbiao had eaten, Feng Jiutian’s meat was definitely in the top five.

“Big guy, I’ll make you suffer!” Feng Jiutian’s face showed actual killing intent. He gritted his teeth and spoke to Chen Zhanbiao.

“Roast chicken wings, I like eating them!” Chen Zhanbiao didn’t care and still drooled at Feng Jiutian. In his eyes, Feng Jiutian had become a fragrant roasted wing.

“Haha! Little sparrow!” Gu Lei and Zheng Xin laughed, feeling more affection for Chen Zhanbiao’s cuteness.

“Die! Luotian, I never thought you would come. Now I am at Sage Peak. What’s your current cultivation? You still dare to be disrespectful in front of me. Crawl over and kneel three times, maybe I’ll spare your life today!” Feng Jiutian’s face showed a fierce expression. He flew toward Luotian's group and saw that they hadn’t been intimidated by his pressure, so Feng Jiutian had no surprise. He knew Luotian and those around him were definitely not ordinary people.

“Where are the Rhino Clan?” Facing Feng Jiutian’s arrogance, Luotian didn’t speak. His gaze looked at the beasts from various clans gathered in the Holy City behind Feng Jiutian, but he was surprised to find no Rhino Clan members.

“Rhino Clan? Oh, you mean the clan that once took you in?” Feng Jiutian wore a thoughtful expression and then narrowed his eyes, looking at Luotian.

“The Rhino Clan? Oh, they were wiped out, I suppose. Only a few scattered clan members are still barely surviving,” Feng Jiutian didn’t care about Luotian’s gradually cold gaze and spoke casually, not taking Luotian's group seriously.

“The Rhino Clan was wiped out!” Hearing Feng Jiutian’s words, not only Luotian but also Gu Lei and others behind him showed fierce killing intent toward Feng Jiutian.

“How about it, are you angry? What can anger do? Those useless ones dared to take you in and already committed a death sentence!” Feng Jiutian spoke again, his voice gradually turning cold.

Luotian looked at the icy-eyed Feng Jiutian and slowly gathered his killing intent. He thought of the Rhino Clan’s hospitality, recalling how they had taken care of him when he first arrived in the Beast Realm.

The Rhino Clan was straightforward and honest. Even though they weren’t a major clan in the Holy City, their strength wasn’t weak. And they had good relations with other clans within the Holy City. Only a powerful Phoenix Clan could have wiped them out.

Thinking of this, Luotian was furious. He stepped on the ship’s board and vanished from everyone's sight.

“Sage Peak! Even if you are a half-step Epoch-level powerhouse, today I will kill you. No one can protect you!” Luotian’s entire body caused a vast expanse of stars to tremble. He instantly appeared beside Feng Jiutian without any hesitation, unleashing the Dao of Sealing and Demons with no restraint. His fist struck toward Feng Jiutian.

The thunderous explosion echoed. This was Luotian’s first battle since entering Sage Peak, with three thousand Dao paths evolving into boundless divine laws. This made Luotian’s fist so powerful it was overwhelming.

“Sage Peak!” Feng Jiutian's face changed instantly when Luotian moved. He never thought Luotian had entered Sage Peak earlier than himself. Before, Luotian hadn’t shown his aura and returned to his original state; even Feng Jiutian hadn't noticed Luotian’s cultivation.

But Feng Jiutian was a prodigy of the Beast Realm. His bloodline had been refined to its peak on the Phoenix Clan’s altar, comparable to the old ancestors of the Phoenix Clan. He only lost a moment's hesitation before reacting. He gritted his teeth and felt Luotian’s immense pressure. A red fist, enhanced by red symbols, struck toward Luotian.

“Crack…” Two fists—one golden and one red—collided instantly. Lightning interwove, thunder roared, and the black stars exploded with a deafening sound. An invisible wave spread from both of them, forming a vacuum within a thousand zhang around them, making even spiritual awareness unable to enter.

“Sage Peak truly terrifying!” The beasts in the Holy City wore strong shock, as if they couldn’t sense their existence. Their eyes showed reverence toward the shattered void.

In the void, fresh blood mixed with hot air and burst out.

“That’s Jiutian's blood!” The Phoenix Clan members were terrified, never expecting Feng Jiutian to be wounded after just one collision with Luotian. The Phoenix Clan members wore expressions of disbelief.

Feng Jiutian had ascended to Sage Peak. The Phoenix Clan members had planned to see Feng Jiutian’s invincibility across the Nine Realms. But after just two days, he was already wounded by Luotian.

In the void, Luotian raged. His Dao of Sealing and Demons continuously struck out, combined with his powerful body and the梵天攻杀术 (Bodhi Heaven Attack), one force defeating all others. Even a half-step Epoch-level powerhouse would pay a heavy price under Luotian’s fierce attacks.

As a Phoenix Clan member, Feng Jiutian's body was incredibly strong. But compared to Luotian’s attacks, it was still far behind. If not for Feng Jiutian repeatedly using the Nirvana Technique, he would have definitely been crushed by Luotian’s fist.

“Too strong! The reincarnation body's strength is already incredibly powerful. Combined with many great techniques, this kid’s attack can’t be matched by anyone of the same level!” Feng Jiutian continuously coughed up blood, defending himself. His heart was also shocked by Luotian’s combat power—it was truly terrifying. He had always been a prodigy of the current era, confident in subduing even someone like Sun Feiwen, a Divine Clan prodigy. But he had encountered an even more bizarre Luotian.

“Phoenix Dance Nine Heavens!” Feng Jiutian spat out a mouthful of blood and suddenly increased his speed, escaping from Luotian’s fist range. He knew he couldn’t be close to Luotian, or even a half-step Epoch-level powerhouse could bleed out!

Feng Jiutian roared and a red phoenix suddenly spread out, screeching through nine heavens toward Luotian.

“Afraid of being close? You’ve used your technique, right? I said today I would kill you. No matter what tricks you use, it won’t help!” Luotian’s face showed coldness. His hands quickly changed, and a heavy atmosphere spread from his hands. Nine great continents formed into an infinite Dao map, rushing forward—this was the Divine Clan’s three divine techniques, the Divine King Nine Heavens Map.

The thunderous explosion echoed. A golden divine map flew out from the void, rushing toward the red phoenix to suppress it. In an instant, it collided with the massive phoenix shadow.

“Boom… boom…” The explosion echoed. People could only see the massive Dao map colliding with the phoenix, and in an instant, the red phoenix was shattered. It turned into a red gust of wind that blew back into the void, while the Divine King Nine Heavens Map continued to rush forward, unstoppable.

“Damn it!” Feng Jiutian saw the heavy atmosphere of the Divine King Nine Heavens Map and his face turned completely grim. At this moment, he finally realized how terrifying Luotian was at Sage Peak!

“Phoenix Nirvana!” Feng Jiutian roared and transformed into a red egg, standing in the stars. He wanted to block the Divine King Nine Heavens Map.

“Even if you block it, what good is that!” Luotian knew the Divine King Nine Heavens Map had been weakened by Feng Jiutian’s attack, but it still could only injure Feng Jiutian and not kill him.

While people were shocked, the Divine King Nine Heavens Map struck the egg that wrapped Feng Jiutian. It turned into a golden sea of divine power, spreading out toward all sides and finally calming down.

“Puke…” The egg spat blood. Feng Jiutian’s face was pale, and his eyes showed a hint of fear because he couldn’t find Luotian’s presence.

“Little clan leader! Above!” The Phoenix Clan members wore panic, shouting at Feng Jiutian.

But Luotian’s speed was terrifying. Before the Phoenix Clan members’ words had even finished, a golden foot appeared from the void and stepped onto the egg.

“Crack!” Divine patterns rose on the egg. The Phoenix Clan’s strongest defense, the Nirvana Technique, was almost shattered under Luotian's foot.

Inside the egg, Feng Jiutian’s face was pale like a sheet of paper. He had also suffered serious injuries and couldn’t recover immediately.

“I see how many times you can block it!” Luotian didn’t give Feng Jiutian any chance to catch his breath. His foot extended again, kicking the red egg covered with divine patterns like a ball.

Chapter 1,164: Phoenixes Never Die

Outside the Beast Realm’s Holy City in the stars, a vast expanse of stars continuously exploded. A red egg constantly jumped through the void while a golden figure repeatedly appeared at its side, kicking it like a ball.

The Phoenix Clan members wore grim faces as they watched their clan’s young leader, who was being kicked around by Luotian. They couldn’t stop it. A Sage Peak powerhouse was completely a godlike existence to them, making them feel helpless.

Feng Jiutian’s face was pale. His body trembled with internal damage, and his flesh showed cracks. Blood continuously spilled from his mouth. He knew if Luotian fully unleashed, his defense would have already been broken. The Nirvana Technique was the strongest defense of the Phoenix Clan, but it was useless against Luotian’s terrifying attacks.

Feng Jiutian guessed that Luotian hadn’t shattered the egg because his main purpose was to humiliate him. The thought made Feng Jiutian even more furious.

The thunderous explosions echoed, and a group of figures appeared outside the stars. Such a big commotion could not be ignored by other clans in the Holy City, so they all appeared outside.

“That’s Luotian!” Seeing Luotian, the leaders of the other major clans in the Holy City changed faces. Especially those who had once intercepted Luotian at the Beast Realm entrance, their faces were even more grim.

These people now had cultivation levels of Sage Peak late stage. But upon seeing Luotian at Sage Peak early stage, they couldn’t help but gasp in awe. They wanted to help Feng Jiutian but were powerless. Feng Jiutian’s strength was higher than theirs when he was at Sage Peak late stage, and now that he had entered Sage Peak early stage, his strength naturally left them far behind.

Feng Jiutian was like a ball being kicked around by Luotian, and they were even more helpless.

“You all are fools. Bring the people who brought Luotian here and kill them! Even if I die, I want him to suffer for a lifetime!” Feng Jiutian’s face was dark with hatred as he spoke to the growing crowd of Beast Realm people.

“Yes!” Hearing Feng Jiutian’s words, the other members of the Holy City looked bright-eyed and immediately surrounded Gu Lei, Zheng Xin, and others on the warship.

“Haha? You can’t fight alone so you resort to gang attacks? Perfect, I haven’t fought in a long time. Let me stretch my muscles!” Gu Lei and others wore battle intent, looking at the growing crowd of people surrounding them. They showed no fear, and they flew down from the warship. Five people with glowing bodies looked at the leading group of senior disciples, speaking scornfully.

“Kill!” The Dragon Clan’s senior disciple, who had almost been killed by Luotian before, was filled with resentment. Facing Luotian he couldn’t do anything, so he directed his resentment toward Zheng Xin and others.

“Really think we’re soft?” Xu Liziye’s eyes showed killing intent. He moved and blocked the leading Dragon Clan senior disciple's path.