

“Pfth…” Luo Tian spat blood from his hand, his face taking on a pale hue. Though his strongest punch was immensely powerful, it still paled in comparison to the gray-robed elder.

Oppression—those who reached the end of an era inevitably overpowered those at its beginning. Even if Luo Tian could withstand the middle epoch, he was still destined to be crushed by the elder.

“Ming Clan!” Luo Tian gasped, staring at the elder with disbelief. He had not expected to encounter a Ming Clan warrior here.

“Ming Clan?” Upon hearing Luo Tian’s words, Fu Xingxuan’s expression darkened abruptly. He too had not anticipated meeting a Ming Clan powerhouse here.

“Hah… you’ve recognized me? Well, it doesn’t matter. Indeed, I am of the Ming Clan—Ming Xi Hong!” The gray-robed elder wore an indifferent smile as he addressed Luo Tian.

“For a thousand years, I have hidden within the Star Moon Divine Clan, waiting for this day!” His face bore a look of exhilaration, as if he had long suppressed his emotions. He gazed toward the center of the petal-laden expanse.

“He came for the Star Moon Divine Emperor’s Mandate!” Luo Tian and Fu Xingxuan exchanged a grim look. They had not expected Ming Xi Hong’s goal to be the Star Moon Divine Emperor’s Mandate.

Fu Xingxuan’s expression darkened further, recalling the catastrophic consequences should the Star Moon Divine Emperor’s Mandate fall into Ming Xi Hong’s grasp.

Within the Star Moon Divine Clan, all strength would diminish by thirty percent before the Mandate. What then would happen if the Ming Clan invaded?

“Today, none of you shall live!” The elder’s lips curled into a smile as he cast his gaze over Luo Tian and Fu Xingxuan.

“Regardless, we must escape this peril first!” Luo Tian made his decision instantly and continued flying toward Fu Xingxuan.

“You think you can flee?” Ming Xi Hong’s face twisted into a grimace. He spat out a stream of gray mist, as if releasing countless tormented souls. It coalesced into a ghostly face and lunged toward Luo Tian, tearing at him with fangs.

“Go to hell!” Luo Tian knew he could not withstand it, so he pushed his speed to its limit. Yet the ghostly face moved faster still, appearing above him in an instant and snapping down.

“Die!” Luo Tian struck with a punch, but it had no effect on the face.

“It’s useless!” Ming Xi Hong smiled as he watched the ghostly face swallow Luo Tian whole.

“Xiao Ding!” Fu Xingxuan’s face contorted with anguish as he watched Luo Tian vanish into the face. His body trembled.

“Star Moon Princess, do not worry. Once I’ve refined this boy, I shall seek you out—and your three brothers!” Ming Xi Hong’s lips curled as he licked his lips.

“Hum…” Luo Tian felt himself plummeting into hell, his body writhing as if a thousand ants gnawed at him.

“This old man is refining me!” Luo Tian’s heart sank instantly as he searched desperately for a way out of this predicament.

“There is no escape,” he thought, but he did not give up. His blood and qi surged violently as he struck at the surrounding air, attempting to resist the overwhelming refining force.

“Hum…” After what felt like an eternity, Luo Tian heard a guttural roar in his ears.

A glimmer of light burst into his eyes, filling him with elation. Without hesitation, he broke free from the face.

But as he emerged, a purple figure stood before him.

“Xiao Ding,” Fu Xingxuan’s lips bled as he stood beside Luo Tian, his hand activating the Star Moon Mandate. “Though I do not know who you are, I sense you are no villain. Since you came with me, I must ensure your safety.”

“You’re a naive girl,” Luo Tian thought bitterly as he stood beside Fu Xingxuan.

“Princess, why persist? You’ll only lose another life!” Luo Tian spoke softly, gazing at the Star Moon Mandate hovering above them.

“Hah… I did not expect the Star Moon Princess to emerge herself! It saves me the trouble of coming for you!” Ming Xi Hong’s smile remained as he watched Luo Tian and Fu Xingxuan protected by the Mandate.

Ming Xi Hong’s hands shifted, sending out waves of terrifying energy. “Ming Wolf Howl!” A gray wolf shadow burst forth, instantly appearing above Luo Tian and Fu Xingxuan. It lunged at the Mandate’s barrier, tearing it apart.

“Crack!” The barrier, already weakened from saving Luo Tian, cracked instantly.

“What do we do?” Fu Xingxuan’s face was filled with anxiety as he turned to Luo Tian.

“Hum…” Luo Tian’s expression darkened as he waved his hand, sending a streak of green light toward the sky.

“Star Moon Mandate!” Fu Xingxuan recognized it instantly, his face filled with disbelief.

He knew the Mandate had only two pieces—one in his hand, and the other gifted by Fu Tianqing to Fu Mengchen.

“You… you…” Fu Xingxuan’s fingers trembled as he pointed at Luo Tian, momentarily forgetting their peril.

“Princess, I’ll explain later!” Luo Tian shook his head with a bitter smile as he watched the two Mandates merge.

The hum of energy resonated, and the two Mandates fused, radiating brilliant light that reinforced their barrier.

“Two Star Moon Mandates still cannot change the outcome!” Ming Xi Hong’s eyes finally showed impatience. He leapt into the air, his hands forming seals as he unleashed a barrage of attacks upon the barrier.