

"Ah, his aura is so powerful! Look at the big staff he's holding—it's definitely not an ordinary item!" The crowd murmured, causing Yao Chen's face to turn cold, his eyes glowing with golden light as the aura of an Immortal King radiated from him.

"Immortal King!"

"Indeed, it's a King-ranked凶兽!" Feeling the overwhelming pressure of the Immortal King, everyone's faces instantly turned terrified. Those who had mocked Yao Chen earlier shrank back.

Yao Chen furrowed his brows, sensing this was becoming troublesome. He walked to a corner, radiating radiant divine light before transforming into the appearance of a middle-aged man and stepping out.

"Ah, this technique is impressive! Even an Immortal King can't detect it!" The Supreme Stone marveled. Yao Chen entered a wine house, ordered some food casually, and began listening to the surrounding news.

"Have you heard? The Tian Dao Mountains have been occupied—it's where the sects from the Central Three Heavens established their foothold!"

"So big a matter, how could we not have heard? It was permitted by several Immortal Kings. However, it's currently a mess; the people from the Central Three Heavens are still scattered and haven't fully merged yet."

"Alas, it's a pity for the Tian Dao Mountains. Once..." The wine house buzzed with discussion, but when mentioning the Tian Dao Mountains, they fell silent.

"The Tian Dao Mountains..." Luo Tian stood on the crimson earth and could hear others' words, clenching his fists involuntarily. The grudge against the Tian Dao Mountains had always been etched in Luo Tian's heart, and now that it was occupied, he naturally felt uneasy.

Chapter 2703: Sealing Heaven()

"Hey, come over!" Yao Chen called to the inn's servant. A Heavenly Realm-level servant smiled and approached respectfully.

Yao Chen casually tossed over a high-quality spiritual energy stone, making the servant's eyes gleam. He knew if he handled it properly, this top-grade spiritual energy stone would be his.

"What do you need, sir?" The servant rubbed his hands, looking at Yao Chen.

"How can I get to the Central Three Heavens?" Yao Chen asked directly, as he was good at fighting but not socializing.

"Uh..." The servant was stunned. He hadn't expected anyone to want to go to the Central Three Heavens at this moment.

"Sir, are you going to the Central Three Heavens? Didn't you know it's been occupied by Hell?" The servant asked.

"Stop talking nonsense. Answer my question. This is yours!" Yao Chen coldly replied, his gaze locking onto the servant, making him tremble.

"Sir, it's impossible to go down. After those people from the Central Three Heavens came up, several Immortal Kings joined forces to seal the upper three heavens. To go down, you need three Immortal Kings at their peak to break through the void and send you down!"

"Of course, there's another way—crossing the Illusory Heaven Sea!" The servant said, taking up the spiritual energy stone on the table.

"Sealing heaven?" Luo Tian was slightly stunned, not expecting it to be so serious.

"No way at all?" Yao Chen furrowed his brows. Crossing the Illusory Heaven Sea was no problem for him and Luo Tian, but it would take too much time. Plus, there were some dangerous areas in the Illusory Heaven Sea they didn't want to waste time on.

Clang... Yao Chen tossed out a spiritual crystal. He only knew to spend money, regardless of the amount.

"Spiritual crystal..." The servant's breath quickened. Everyone in the inn turned their eyes toward the spiritual crystal Yao Chen had thrown.

Most of the people in the inn were disciples from several major heavenly mountains, but even they had rarely seen spiritual crystals. The servant at the Heavenly Realm level was especially envious.

"Sir, there really is no way..." The servant smiled bitterly. He was tempted but didn't know and dared not provoke this person.

"Friend, I know how to enter the Central Three Heavens!" Just as the servant's words finished, a light laugh echoed. A middle-aged man walked in, smiling.

The middle-aged man wore an embroidered robe, his every item was not ordinary. He was somewhat plump with small eyes but sharp and alert.

"Zhou Zhiwen?" Luo Tian recognized the man instantly. He had some past interactions with him.

The son of the head of the Central Heaven Commercial Association, Zhou Zhiwen. Luo Tian hadn't expected to meet him here, but after that he relaxed—this was Nine Heavens City, the territory of the Central Heaven Commercial Association.

"Speak up!" Yao Chen's eyes narrowed slightly, golden light flashing as he gripped the long staff on the table. He couldn't read this man, his aura seemed to be concealed by some treasure.

"Friend, please come this way!" Zhou Zhiwen bowed to Yao Chen, indicating him to go upstairs. Yao Chen naturally wasn't afraid, grabbed his staff and followed Zhou Zhiwen up to the top floor of the inn, entering a private room.

"Yao Chen Brother, I must say you have guts!" As soon as they entered the private room, Zhou Zhiwen spoke.

A golden divine light appeared before Zhou Zhiwen. The staff stopped three inches from Zhou Zhiwen's throat, and Yao Chen stared coldly at Zhou Zhiwen.

"Yao Chen Brother, don't be nervous. I'm friends with Luo Tian Brother!" Zhou Zhiwen smiled, and a jade pendant on his body cracked and fell to the ground.

"Enough talk. Do you have a way to enter the Central Three Heavens?" Yao Chen coldly replied. He didn't like Zhou Zhiwen's impression, feeling this man was good at tricking people. He, being straightforward, would easily be outwitted.

"Handy hands!" Luo Tian sighed on the crimson earth, not expecting the Central Heaven Commercial Association to have such power. They even had a way into the Central Three Heavens.

"Of course, that's why I called Yao Chen Brother up. However, I have a request. I know Yao Chen Brother has high authority in the Tianyuan Sect. Also, I know the Tianyuan Sect is having some trouble now!" Zhou Zhiwen chuckled.

"What's your request?" Yao Chen furrowed his brows, not asking how Zhou Zhiwen recognized him. He listened to Luo Tian's words and replied sentence by sentence.

"If the Tianyuan Sect can withstand Hell, I want the Tianyuan Sect to guarantee my Central Heaven Commercial Association's safety in the Central Three Heavens!" Zhou Zhiwen spoke, his voice carrying weight.

"Huh?" Luo Tian was slightly stunned and felt shocked. He hadn't expected the Central Heaven Commercial Association to have interests in the Central Three Heavens.

"No problem!" Yao Chen nodded. It was undeniable that the Central Heaven Commercial Association had great courage, placing their bet on the Tianyuan Sect.

Luo Tian could imagine how deep the Central Heaven Commercial Association's influence would be in the Central Three Heavens. After all, Hell had its own system; the Central Heaven Commercial Association's close relationship with the Nine Heavenly Sects would definitely be purged.

But at present, the Tianyuan Sect was in a life-or-death crisis; Luo Tian didn't care about those matters. If they won, what was the harm in being a protector for the Central Heaven Commercial Association?

Luo Tian didn't appear. They were currently in the Upper Three Heavens, and no one could be trusted—except for the people of Pangu Mountain.

"How soon do you want to leave?" Zhou Zhiwen asked. He wasn't afraid the Tianyuan Sect would renege.

"Immediately!" Yao Chen replied, making Zhou Zhiwen slightly stunned but understanding Yao Chen's thoughts.

"Then, Yao Chen Brother, please follow me!" Zhou Zhiwen led Yao Chen out of the inn, walking on the wide streets of Nine Heavens City.

"Zhou Zhiwen, you have a big nerve! Daring to hide the Tianyuan Sect's traitor!" As they walked, a furious shout echoed. Several figures blocked Zhou Zhiwen and Yao Chen's path.

Yao Chen gripped his staff, while Zhou Zhiwen furrowed his brows slightly.

Yao Chen's appearance was naturally known to the other major heavenly sects. When Yao Chen entered the city, nine heavenly sects' spies had seen him. Later, when Yao Chen changed his appearance, it calmed down. Zhou Zhiwen looked at Yao Chen's appearance; if he didn't have special means, he couldn't recognize Yao Chen's true identity. He didn't understand how these people could determine that Yao Chen was from the Tianyuan Sect.

"Luotian, do you think changing your appearance once is enough to escape?" A middle-aged man stepped forward, his aura radiating astonishing power.

"Luotian? Did you mistake him for someone else?" Zhou Zhiwen sneered, his aura radiating pressure, looking at the group.

These people were elders from several heavenly sects, Immortal Kings with high status. However, this was Nine Heavens City, the territory of the Central Heaven Commercial Association; Zhou Zhiwen wasn't afraid of these elders.

"Zhou Zhiwen, don't be stubborn. We've reported to our sects; they'll arrive soon. If you're wise, hand him over!" An old man spoke, wearing a yellow robe from the Donghuang Sect.

"Little elders dare to play around in my Nine Heavens City?" Zhou Zhiwen chuckled coldly, ignoring the elders and continuing to walk with Yao Chen.

Chapter 2704: Misfortune()

Hearing Zhou Zhiwen's words, the elders' faces turned red. It was because Zhou Zhiwen had given them no face at all. They had long resided in Nine Heavens City, as Immortal Kings with the backing of nine heavenly sects, no one dared to provoke them there. Even Zhou Zhiwen usually treated them politely and with a smile, but today he had completely changed his attitude, directly scolding them.

"What do you mean 'what'? Move aside!" Zhou Zhiwen shouted, raising his hand and swiping it. A palm sound echoed, and the elders hadn't reacted in time; their eyes went black, and they fainted.

"Yao Chen Brother, please!" Zhou Zhiwen spoke as if he had done something trivial, addressing Yao Chen.

"Good!" Yao Chen didn't care but felt his respect for Zhou Zhiwen increased slightly.

They quickly reached the city hall of Nine Heavens City. Zhou Zhiwen went straight to the point, leading Yao Chen into the grandest hall at the center of the city hall.

The hall's central area was majestic. Three people sat there, and when Zhou Zhiwen brought Yao Chen in, their faces showed no surprise.

"Grandfather, father, uncle!" Zhou Zhiwen addressed the three people.

Yao Chen's face turned serious. The three people before him were no ordinary individuals; their auras were steady, and Yao Chen had no confidence. Especially the old man sitting in the center, who made Yao Chen feel a strong sense of danger.

"Friend, are you ready? If so, we'll send you off!" The old man spoke with a gentle voice, giving a feeling of being as refreshing as spring breeze, making no one feel repulsed.

"Quickly!" Yao Chen spoke, fearing any unexpected incidents.

Hearing Yao Chen's confirmation, Zhou Zhiwen's grandfather and father quickly moved their hands. At the same time, radiant light rose from three corners of the hall, a pressure descending upon Yao Chen, making his face change.

"Quickly!" Yao Chen spoke again, fearing any unexpected incidents.

Hearing Yao Chen's confirmation, Zhou Zhiwen's grandfather and father quickly moved their hands. At the same time, radiant light rose from three corners of the hall, a pressure descending upon Yao Chen, making his face change.

World Treasure!

Yao Chen exclaimed in surprise, eyes filled with disbelief. But before he could react, three waves descended upon him, and Yao Chen vanished from the hall.

"Zhou Lie, you have a big nerve!" As soon as Yao Chen's figure disappeared, a furious shout echoed—it was the Eternal Life Immortal King who had been missing for a month.

Previously, the Eternal Life Immortal King had chased Luo Tian and was severely wounded by Mount Xumi and the Buddha of Victory, leaving to recuperate. After a month's recovery, his first action was to continue chasing Luo Tian and had arrived at Nine Heavens City.

"Immortal King of Eternal Life, what mistake have we made?" Zhou Lie smiled on his face, looking at the Eternal Life Immortal King.

The Eternal Life Immortal King stared at Zhou Lie, his eyes flashing a hint of killing intent but then turning into fear.

"Just this once, I'll give you face!" The Eternal Life Immortal King sneered coldly, his eyes icy as he looked at Zhou Lie before leaving.

"Zhiwen, we've offended the Eternal Life Immortal King this time. Do you think it was worth it?" The people in the hall sighed deeply.

"I don't know. But I have a feeling that Luo Tian is about to rise. If this investment fails, I'll bear the consequences!" Zhou Zhiwen spoke to the three people.

"Only fear you can't bear it," hearing Zhou Zhiwen's words, the three people sighed inwardly.

But now it was too late to regret. The Zhou family's nature was always fond of high-stakes gambling.

...Meanwhile, Luo Tian and Yao Chen felt they had burst out of the void. Around them was a force of the world, and space...

Luo Tian's eyes showed admiration as the scenery changed. Following Yao Chen, they appeared under the stars.

"Long time no feel this!" Yao Chen sighed, gazing at the vast starry sky.

But Yao Chen didn't dare to move recklessly because that force of the world was carrying them through the vast starry sky. If they left this force, they might get lost in the stars.

This was a new journey unlike teleportation; it was much slower than teleportation.

"What's that?" Yao Chen observed the beautiful starry sky, suddenly seeing two things approaching them. They radiated a terrifying pressure, even Yao Chen at the late Immortal King stage felt strong pressure.

"Could it be two world treasures?" Luo Tian and Yao Chen were puzzled. The two glows seemed close, but they knew these things were very far away.

"This is a small world!" The Supreme Stone exclaimed, voice filled with disbelief, making Luo Tian and Yao Chen slightly stunned.

"How could that be?" Luo Tian looked at the two glows, not expecting them to be three thousand small worlds.

"Calamity, calamity is about to begin..." The Supreme Stone murmured, seemingly lost in some painful memories.

"What calamity?" Luo Tian felt the Supreme Stone was abnormal and asked.

"Master, you must cultivate hard. Even reaching the peak of Immortal King isn't enough; even an Immortal Emperor might only save your life. It's coming... it's coming..." The Supreme Stone's voice trembled, as if recalling something terrible.

"What's going on?" Luo Tian replied, feeling the Supreme Stone wasn't joking and that something big was about to happen.

"The truth I can't say now. If I do, it'll cause trouble. However, within three years, there will be signs! Accurately speaking, there have already been signs!" The Supreme Stone replied and then fell silent, making Luo Tian grit his teeth and curse the guy for leaving it half-said.

While they talked, Yao Chen had already moved away from that place and continued to wander through the starry sky. Time flowed slowly, ten days passed, and finally, the force of the world around Yao Chen gradually disappeared. The force of the world pulled Yao Chen into the void, finally breaking through and appearing under the sky.

"Back!" The familiar aura of the Central Three Heavens made Yao Chen's face light up, but his smile quickly froze.

"So unlucky?" Luo Tian also slightly stunned, looking at Yao Chen's front. Black clouds like a sea obscured the sky. In Luo Tian and Yao Chen's view, countless black figures gazed at them with strange expressions. Black banners fluttered in the wind—Fengdu, Pingdeng, Shiluo... battle flags with names of various forces inscribed on them.

"This is Yao Chen from the Tianyuan Sect!" Someone shouted, causing the endless army to murmur.

"Kill him!" A shout echoed, and instantly, countless martial techniques rushed toward Yao Chen's direction.

Chapter 2705: Intercept()

Hell Army!

Yao Chen hadn't expected to meet the returning Hell Army immediately upon returning to the Upper Three Heavens. Luo Tian hadn't expected it either, and almost instantly, he stepped out from the Supreme Stone.

Boom... Boom...

The thunderous sound shook the heavens. Countless martial techniques pushed through nine heavens, overturning the sky and rushing toward Luo Tian and Yao Chen. The number of martial techniques was countless, like a world's end, making Luo Tian and Yao Chen's faces turn serious. Even an Immortal King at the late stage would be annihilated.

Luo Tian and Yao Chen shouted, looking at the sky-obscuring wave of martial techniques. They immediately made a defense.

A golden and gray domain enveloped them, while Luo Tian and Yao Chen continuously launched divine laws to form two barriers, maintaining the domain and resisting countless attacks.

Crack...

After completing this, the countless martial techniques rushed in. The sound of collision echoed. Under the sky, it was like a firecracker explosion but ten thousand times louder. The heavens roared, and the winds reversed.

Chaos currents continuously collided. Hundreds of thousands of people fighting together, each martial technique striking, lasting for an hour before stopping.

"About enough?" After an hour of countless martial techniques from the Hell Army, and many Immortal Kings also fighting, even if one was at peak Immortal King stage, they would be left with nothing but skin and bones.

The Hell people stared at the gradually calming sky, waiting for the fluctuation to subside.

"I estimate they were reduced to nothing but dust. Unexpectedly, they eliminated two strong figures from the Tianyuan Sect, especially Luo Tian!" They all knew that Luo Tian was a pillar for the Tianyuan Sect.

"He won't die!" Jueying Immortal King stood among them, the Wheel Turning Palace hadn't fought, but he knew that just one Wheel Turning Palace couldn't stop other palaces from attacking the Tianyuan Sect.

Under people's expectant gaze, a vast pit of ten miles appeared in their view. Smoke slowly drifted from the pit.

"Jiuyu's Ghost Claws!"

"Golden Staff Sweeps All Directions!" As people were surprised, two shouts echoed. A golden staff shadow pressed against the heavens and rushed toward the Hell Army.

"Go, quickly!" Jueying Immortal King almost saw the staff shadow and immediately shouted to the Wheel Turning Palace's people.

A group of Wheel Turning Palace disciples, under faceless command, flew in unison toward the distance. Above the sky, a black vortex, a black ghost claw descended from the heavens and directly grabbed toward the Hell Army's formation.

Boom... Boom...

The two people's attacks were too fast. No one expected that Luo Tian and Yao Chen could still have the strength to fight after enduring so many attacks. Blood mist rose in large quantities, and an Immortal King's anger caused blood to flow for miles. Many Hell people hadn't understood what happened and were annihilated by Luo Tian and Yao Chen's martial techniques.

"Form a formation!" Nine Immortal Kings at the late stage shouted, their voices filled with anger. They looked at Luo Tian and Yao Chen's battered figures.

"Perfectly here to block!" Luo Tian sneered. Previously, he had rushed into the Frontline Heaven and was chased like a rat. But now with Yao Chen, he had confidence that even if he couldn't eliminate them all, he could block them and cause heavy losses. Now there was no restraint; if they couldn't block these people, then the hundreds of thousands would rush to the Tianyuan Sect. That would be a disaster for the Tianyuan Sect, and Luo Tian didn't want the Tianyuan Sect to suffer more losses.

"How to divide?" Yao Chen's battle spirit surged, looking at the already activated formation and asked Luo Tian.

"Nine late Immortal Kings are mine; the rest are yours!" Luo Tian spoke, quickly assigning their opponents.

"Good!" Yao Chen nodded without refusal. He held the golden long staff, his body radiating golden light, and golden armor covered his body.

Yao Chen took a step forward toward the formations. At the same time, several figures appeared; nine late Immortal Kings rushed toward Yao Chen. On the other side, nine late Immortal Kings also默契ly rushed toward Luo Tian. They knew that if they killed Luo Tian, it would be a big blow to the Tianyuan Sect.

"Nine trash!" Both Luo Tian and Yao Chen spoke at the same time, meeting the nine people. The spear of breaking the sky left afterimages. Luo Tian thrust his spear, piercing through void, speed was extremely fast and instantly appeared before an old late Immortal King.

"Get out!" Luo Tian's sudden appearance startled the old man, but he was a veteran strongman. His reaction speed was extremely fast, and a golden shield appeared.

Crack...

The piercing void spear was so powerful that the golden shield was directly pierced by Luo Tian's spear, shattering into fragments before the old man.

The shield's destruction gave the old man a moment to breathe, his body flying back with a blood hole in his chest. If he had been slower by even a moment, the old man would have met his end there.

"Sealing Demon World!"

"True Yang Dragon Claws!" At the same time, the other eight people also unleashed devastating attacks. They had known Luo Tian's difficulty in the Frontline Heaven, so they immediately launched their full strength. Eight martial techniques, destroying heaven and earth, rushed toward Luo Tian to crush him, blocking all his escape routes.

Demon Wings! Luo Tian shouted, his black and white wings spread open behind him. His body also began to violently expand into the strongest state.

"Vanishing God's Anger Steps Nine Heavens!" Luo Tian muttered, stomping his foot toward the approaching ghost claw.

At the same time, his back wings trembled, and a storm swept through, shredding one of the scales-covered dragon claws.

Boom... Boom...

Luo Tian used all his strength to resist five techniques and endured three late Immortal King's full-force attacks with his powerful body.

Monstrous! The nine late Immortal Kings secretly sighed, but their hands didn't hold back and continued to launch techniques to attack Luo Tian.

The battlefield instantly opened up. Compared to Luo Tian's side, Yao Chen's side was even more shocking. Nine formations activated, reaching the heavens and earth. Yao Chen transformed into a golden-armored warrior, constantly battling against the formations. Every moment had many disciples falling with their bodies.

"So terrifying! Two people dared to block a million Hell Army, who would believe it!" The Wheel Turning Palace disciples watched the valiant Luo Tian and Yao Chen.

"Perhaps this time, the Ten Palaces will hit a wall!" Jueying Immortal King's face showed admiration. Luo Tian's growth speed was too fast, making everyone shocked.

"Rise! Attacking the Tianyuan Sect was the biggest mistake!" Wu Mian looked at the battlefield. Who would have thought that the Luo Tian who had trembled under his presence was now someone he needed to look up to.

Chapter 2706: A Battle Etched in History()

"No matter the result, this battle will be etched into Hell's history. What an awesome display of power! Two people blocking a million army!" Jueying Immortal King's eyes showed admiration. He absolutely didn't have this strength or courage.

Under the chaotic sky, two towering figures continuously fought against hundreds of thousands.

As time passed, Luo Tian and Yao Chen had some injuries, but they fought more fiercely with each passing moment. The nine late Immortal Kings were terrified; Luo Tian's madness was too terrifying, each attack bringing them great trouble. Each attack forced them to fully concentrate; one moment of carelessness would mean annihilation.

Yao Chen's side remained fierce, but as the nine formations fully activated, Yao Chen gradually became overwhelmed. The formations were too terrifying, even surpassing the attacks of nine late Immortal Kings.

However, Yao Chen's results were also terrifying. Two mid-level Immortal Kings were killed by him, and the Hell Army suffered heavy casualties, with an estimated hundred thousand deaths.

"Six Paths Reincarnation!" Luo Tian punched out, merging six punches into one. The old man was smashed into the ground.

Cough... cough...

Luo Tian spat blood, also hit by the other eight people. His eyes showed exhaustion and he rushed toward the remaining eight.

"Looks like I need to use my secret weapon!" Luo Tian thought to himself. Yao Chen's pressure was too great, and he deeply understood the formations of the Ten Palaces.

As Luo Tian flew back, he waved his hand. The Yellow River Ruler fell into his hands. A yellow river descended from the sky.

Rush... Rush...

The yellow river overflowed, instantly transforming into a massive Yellow River Pool. At the same time, the yellow water transformed into powerful figures.

A million Yellow River Soldiers, their aura was overwhelming. Two late Immortal Kings of the Yellow River Army looked coldly at the nine late Immortal Kings who had fought against Luo Tian.

"What is this?" Everyone was shocked, eyes filled with disbelief as they watched those powerful Yellow River Soldiers.

"Roar..." As people were shocked, eight mid-level Immortal Kings of the Yellow River Army led the charge toward the Ten Palaces' formations. A yellow sword slashed, instantly descending upon an old late Immortal King, making his face change.

Crack... Thunder surged. The old man's black sword was instantly shattered, and the yellow sword light almost split him in half.

The old man had already suffered considerable injuries from fighting Luo Tian. Now, he was hit by a late Immortal King-level Yellow River Soldier and immediately suffered heavy injuries.

"Die!" Luo Tian's eyes flashed cold light. The spear of breaking void was instantly launched, and his body vanished from the spot.

Plop...

The cold spear pierced the old man's back, his face filled with intense resentment. His throat made gurgling sounds before he finally closed his eyes.

A late Immortal King fell! The entire battlefield seemed to fall silent. People watched Luo Tian's spear with the corpse hanging on it, eyes filled with shock.

A late Immortal King, an existence that dominated the heavens and earth, rarely fell. But now he had died before their eyes.

"What's going on?"

"First the Luosheng Gate, then the Tianyuan Sect. We Hell barely controlled the middle three heavens. Why in less than a year, so many late Immortal Kings have fallen!" The Hell people trembled.

Even when attacking the heavenly realm, these late Immortal Kings hadn't died. But now they had fallen in internal chaos.

"This is just the beginning!" Luo Tian's face showed a smile. He could already feel the Hell people's fear, and that was his goal. If he could hurt them, they would remember this lesson. He wanted everyone to know that Luo Tian and the Tianyuan Sect were not easy to provoke.

Luo Tian's smile made the nine late Immortal Kings instinctively shiver. Ten-colored flames swept over, and the old man's body and soul instantly vanished.

The Sword of Killing Immortals appeared in Luo Tian's hand. He held the sword of killing immortals with his left hand and the spear of breaking void with his right. His aura surged again, rushing toward the remaining eight late Immortal Kings.

On the other side, the Yellow River Soldier at the peak of the late Immortal King was also incredibly brave. His yellow sword continuously slashed, each slash producing a mist of blood.

The difference was too great; the Yellow River Soldier at peak late Immortal King easily crushed mid-level Immortal Kings.

Eight lights flashed, eight mists of blood rose simultaneously. The few late Immortal Kings fighting against Yao Chen fell at the same time.

"This...!" The Wheel Turning Palace disciples were stunned, watching Luo Tian, Yao Chen, and the two peak-level Yellow River Soldiers killing everything.

"So terrifying! If the Ten Palaces don't retreat, they'll be completely annihilated. Where did Luo Tian find this terrifying treasure!" Jueying Immortal King trembled.

Luo Tian before him was completely different from his previous image. Thinking about these hundreds of thousands of people being annihilated, Hell would definitely change.

"What will he do then?" Jueying Immortal King sighed inwardly, continuously reporting to the Black and White Kings. This matter was significant; Jueying Immortal King knew the Black and White Kings were very protective of Luo Tian, needing their personal decision.

In the black palace, the Black and White Kings sat cross-legged, frowning. This expression rarely appeared on them.

"This kid is starting to stir things up!" The Black and White Kings sighed, slowly stood up but immediately sat back down.

"I'll see if these people regret it. If this kid survives this trial, I'll put all my bets on him!" The Black and White Kings whispered to themselves.

Not only did the Black and White Kings receive this news, but other palace masters also received it.

"How could that be?"

"Two people, killing hundreds of thousands!" The main halls of the Ten Palaces instantly became chaotic.

"Since they made a choice, they can't regret it!" The palace masters' eyes also showed complexity, as if making a decision. Some of the palace masters disappeared from the hall.

"Notify the attacking forces to Tianyuan Sect, advance at full speed and destroy Tianyuan Sect within ten days!" A solemn voice was transmitted.

The阎罗十殿 (Yanluo Ten Palaces) and several heavenly kings' forces received the news, quickly gathering toward Tianyuan Sect. However, they didn't know that the palace masters had suppressed the news; these forces were unaware of Luo Tian and Yao Chen's battle that intercepted hundreds of thousands.

In Pangu City, the Pangu City Lord laughed: "Damn it, we've been besieged by them for so long. Now we can finally take pride! Gather up, prepare to join the army and attack Tianyuan Sect!"

Chapter 2707: Battlefield of Corpses and Blood()

In Pangu City, soldiers were eager to fight. The Tianyuan Sect had besieged them for too long.

This period was tough for Pangu City. Soldiers often sneaked out but none succeeded, ending up with their heads and five thousand spiritual energy stones thrown at the city gates.

"Now it's good. Hell's several forces are attacking Tianyuan Sect, finally we can vent our anger!"

"Yes, this period was too stifling. The Tianyuan Sect took men as slaves and women as concubines. I heard the sect master was a beauty, but do we have any chance? Ha!" The ghost cultivators shouted, their voices shaking the heavens.

Pangu City people gathered, waiting for Hell's reinforcements. Besides Wheel Turning Palace and Zun Gui Wang City and Shou Gui Wang City, the remaining Yanluo Nine Palaces and several heavenly kings had sent reinforcements to attack Pangu City.

Time flowed slowly, half a month passed, and the first army finally arrived. A solemn figure appeared, one hundred thousand people with several Immortal Kings at the front, their eyes cold.

This was a bloodied army. Pangu City's soldiers had experienced many battles, but they were slightly intimidated by this one hundred thousand.

"Sky Wolf Army! It's the Sky Wolf Army of the Huangtian Sect, the elite among elites!" Pangu City people gasped in surprise.

"Did they really send out the Sky Wolf Army? Is it worth it for one Tianyuan Sect?" Pangu City Lord Huang Tianxiang showed confusion.

Huang Tianxiang was from the Huangtian Sect, and his status was high. Naturally, he knew about the Sky Wolf Army. He knew it was more terrifying than regular armies; unless in a desperate situation, the Huangtian Sect rarely used it.

As Huang Tianxiang was confused, a thunderous sound echoed in the world. A series of massive creatures appeared in Huang Tianxiang's view.

Tall beasts with scales, elephant bodies and dragon tails. Their aura was overwhelming; their limbs struck the earth, and just that pressure was unbearable for ordinary people.

"Equality Palace, Dragon Elephant Army!" Huang Tianxiang gasped. One thousand dragon elephants approached, each with a thousand people standing on them.

"What's going on? Are they trying to annihilate the Tianyuan Sect completely, leaving no one behind?" Huang Tianxiang felt his heart tremble. He sensed something was different, and definitely something he didn't know had happened.

Before Huang Tianxiang could figure it out, another thunderous sound echoed. A black flood surged toward Pangu City.

"Zhen Gui Army... Du Tian Army..." Huang Tianxiang kept speaking, watching the various armies arriving at Pangu City.

"Are they going to attack the three heavens?" Huang Tianxiang was confused, watching those people. With millions of people and elite forces, he felt it was a waste to attack the Tianyuan Sect.

Palace masters led their forces, and several groups of fighting spirit surged. The powerful pressure made the heavens constantly explode.

"Let's go..." Ye Qiu, the head of Fengdu Palace, sighed. If it weren't for desperation, he wouldn't have taken this role.

Yin Wu's eyes showed complexity. He had persuaded the palace master for a long time, but the master still insisted on attacking the Tianyuan Sect.

Greeting the head! Pangu City people instantly divided into groups, returning to their respective formations. Huang Tianxiang did the same.

The Huangtian Sect led by an old man, as the head of the Huangtian Sect had been killed by Luo Tian. The new head was too young and hadn't matured yet.

As Pangu City people were divided, several groups of armies joined together and headed toward the Tianyuan Sect.

"So strong! The aura is astonishing!" Outside Pangu City, a purple divine light flashed. His eyes were filled with worry as he flew toward the Tianyuan Sect. This person was Diao Dezhu, who had guessed that Hell's forces would attack the Tianyuan Sect and thus Diao Dezhu personally monitored Pangu City's every move.