

Even though Luo Tian's body was strong, he could not avoid injury when remaining motionless. Blood spewed from his mouth, causing Su Dan and Luo Shui to show concern in their eyes.

Luo Tian stood there with a pale face, and the poison spread faster under the passive attack. At this moment, his feet had lost all sensation.

"Kid, I'll give you two more hits and finish you off!" Duan Zi Jue smiled as he raised three knives in his hand, one red, one blue, and one purple.

"Finished. I've become a live target! I heard that Duan Zi Jue has twelve knives, each carefully fused with twelve deadly poisons. Ordinary people would suffer unbearable pain upon encountering just one of them, leaving no chance for survival!" The Holy Son of the Ten Palaces said with admiration.

"Let's see if Duan Zi Jue dares to kill him. Luo Tian is the Holy Son of the Wheel Rotation Palace; if he were killed, it would be a slap in the face of the Wheel Rotation Palace!"

"However, looking at Duan Zi Jue's wild behavior and with the great event of Hell approaching, Duan Zi Jue's strength is very important to Hell. A poison cultivator who attacks will kill a whole group, and he's even at the middle stage of an Immortal King."

"If Duan Zi Jue's strength increases a little more, he might become an Immortal King in the late stage. At that time, he would be like a weapon of war!"

"Then even if the two kings of Black and White were to kill Duan Zi Jue, I'm sure none of the palace masters from our several palaces would agree!" The Holy Sons of several palaces whispered among themselves.

"Buzz..." Just as the few were exchanging words, Duan Zi Jue launched his attack. Three-colored lights flew toward Luo Tian again.

"Absolutely, I cannot let these knives hurt me again!" Luo Tian whispered to himself. He still had a chance of salvation; if he were poisoned by other toxins, he felt that he would truly have no opportunity left.

"Qixi, how are you doing?" Luo Tian quickly communicated with Qixi. His hands gripped the sword, and the blade's light continuously flickered, covering his entire body.

The sound of collision rang out. Three lights were deflected by Luo Tian's hands, moving at an incredible speed. The deflected knives instantly pierced the bodies of three Heavenly Ghost Kings.

"Ah..." A sharp scream echoed, and within a short time, the three men turned into three-colored thick water, disappearing from people's sight, causing them to gasp in shock.

"Such a waste!" Duan Zi Jue muttered quietly, but he didn't care much and turned his gaze toward Luo Tian.

"Is it difficult to block them? I wonder how many you can block. The more you cultivate your power, the faster the poison will spread. There will come a time when even your hands can't move!" Duan Zi Jue chuckled and waved his hand, sending out three-colored lights again.

"Damn it!" Luo Tian's face was grim. He could already feel the poison approaching his hands, and his arms were numb.

But facing Duan Zi Jue's attack, Luo Tian couldn't ignore it; otherwise, the trouble would be even greater.

With great effort, he swung his blood sword and deflected three knives. At the same time, Luo Tian's hands also lost sensation, and his blood-colored long sword fell to the ground with a clatter.

"Haha! You can't even hold your sword anymore!" Duan Zi Jue smiled as he saw Luo Tian throwing his long sword to the ground. He looked at Luo Tian, pale and standing there without continuing his attack.

Duan Zi Jue extended his hand, and a purple giant hand descended from the sky, pressing down on Luo Tian. Boom.

The purple giant hand shattered against Luo Tian's body, causing him to spit blood uncontrollably without making any attempt to defend himself.

Seeing that Luo Tian didn't attack, Duan Zi Jue's face showed a slight smile and he slowly approached Luo Tian.

"Kid, you're still too inexperienced!" Duan Zi Jue chuckled, obviously confident in his poison. He was certain that within Hell, no more than five people could unravel his poison.

Duan Zi Jue grabbed the blood-colored long sword in his hand and approached Luo Tian, standing only several zhang away.

"I will carve you to death!" Duan Zi Jue coldly spoke, his eyes filled with overwhelming hatred. If it weren't for Luo Tian, he wouldn't be in this situation!

"Buzz..." The blood sword flickered and cut across Luo Tian's chest, leaving a wound with exposed flesh and flowing blood.

"You said your body was invincible? Today I'll use your sword to carve you apart, one by one!" The Heavenly Ghost King laughed and swung the blood-colored long sword again, creating another wound.

"Du Zi Jue, I'll fight you!" Luo Shui could no longer bear to watch and her long sword hummed, she flew into the air with a wild aura, rushing toward Duan Zi Jue.

"You also qualify? Wait until I kill him first and then I'll chop you up!" Duan Zi Jue sneered and turned to slash at her.

"Crack..." Luo Shui's long sword was shattered, and she spat out a mouthful of blood, flying back.

"Uncle!" Su Dan quickly supported Luo Shui and looked at Duan Zi Jue: "Are you really determined to be destroyed?"

"Destroyed? I've already been destroyed!" Duan Zi Jue shouted, his voice filled with resentment. He thought back to the events that had happened recently.

Chapter 2502: Wang Mie Tian

"It seems Duan Zi Jue has something happening, maybe even worse than being childless. If a child is lost, it can be reborn; at the very least, adoption could be considered. But looking at his appearance, it's clearly not just that!"

"Adoption, right. Where is his adopted son? Earlier, it was said he passed the throne to his adopted son, Wang Mie Tian, right? Why does he have the surname Wang?"

The Holy Sons of several palaces looked puzzled.

The blood-colored long sword cut at Luo Tian's body repeatedly without directly killing him, but instead torturing him and planning to carve him apart.

Blood continuously flowed from Luo Tian's body, wetting the ground around him. Yet Luo Tian seemed to have no sensation.

"Carving me apart would still not satisfy my hatred!"

"Do you feel no pain? Don't worry, when you're about to die, I'll release the poison for you and let you feel ultimate suffering!" Duan Zi Jue's face was filled with madness, like a pervert.

"Enough!" As Duan Zi Jue continued to torment Luo Tian, Su Dan could no longer bear it and rushed toward Duan Zi Jue.

"Go back!" However, Luo Tian roared and made Su Dan stop.

Buzz... The blood-colored long sword cut again on Luo Tian's body, but this time it stopped on his body. The blood-colored long sword emitted a red glow.

"Hmm?" Duan Zi Jue's face slightly changed, sensing the long sword in his hand shaking violently.

"Am I someone you can control?" A cold voice echoed in Duan Zi Jue's mind, causing his face to slightly change.

"A powerful weapon soul!" Duan Zi Jue was shocked. He could feel a terrifying presence within the blood-colored long sword, and even he wasn't a match for it.

Blood-colored flowers appeared on the long sword, and blood energy flowed out from it into Luo Tian's body.

"Better!" Luo Tian shouted, his eyes flashing with ten colors of fire. His body began to recover.

"Something's wrong!" Duan Zi Jue immediately felt something was off with Luo Tian and no longer hesitated. He wanted to kill Luo Tian directly.

"It's too late; you've missed your chance to kill me!" Luo Tian's cold voice echoed. His right fist, full of wounds, lifted up.

A powerful wave rose from Luo Tian's fist. The blood-colored long sword that had been on Luo Tian's body also broke free from Duan Zi Jue's control.

Thunderous sound rang out. In the moment Duan Zi Jue was distracted, Luo Tian's fist hit him. Six shadow fists burst out and struck Duan Zi Jue's chest.

Frenzy, six times the physical strength. This directly sent Duan Zi Jue flying backward with his chest caved in, eyes filled with disbelief.

Boom... Duan Zi Jue's body fell onto the arena. His internal organs' fragments continuously spewed from his mouth, and his eyes showed a weak expression.

The sound of astonishment rang out. Everyone's faces were filled with disbelief, looking at Luo Tian who was covered in blood.

"Six times the physical strength. That attack of his could shatter an Immortal King in the middle stage!" Ye Qiu's mouth twitched, his eyes looking at Luo Tian.

Ten colors of fire appeared from Luo Tian's body. The blood-colored long sword reappeared in his hands, and his body was recovering at a terrifying speed.

The Hell's Indestructible Body allowed Luo Tian's physical strength to rise another level. Six times the physical strength was extremely terrifying, even Duan Zi Jue who had entered the middle stage of an Immortal King for many years couldn't withstand it.

"How did he unlock his poison?" Everyone was puzzled. No one doubted the terrifying nature of Duan Zi Jue's poison, but Luo Tian had clearly unlocked it.

"It was the ten-color fire and that blood sword. Did you notice, that blood sword released an extreme aura? It was the Immortal Herb of Blood!" Ye Qiu spoke.

"It's the Blood God Flower!" Su Dan smiled, she hadn't expected that the Blood God Flower had been obtained by Luo Tian. She had lived with Leng Qiuchan in the Blood Wolf Valley for a long time, and she knew the miraculous effects of the Blood God Flower. It could counteract many poisons.

"Ten Thousand Heaven's Power!" Duan Zi Jue roared, his body radiating waves. He wanted to gather the power of heaven and earth to recover quickly.

"You have no chance!" Luo Tian, like a shadow, instantly appeared in front of Duan Zi Jue and stomped down with his foot toward him.

Crack... A crackling sound echoed on the arena. Duan Zi Jue's chest cracked open, and his recovery speed could not match Luo Tian's attack.

"Die!" Luo Tian's eyes were cold, and he stomped down on Duan Zi Jue.

"But it's not over yet. Duan Zi Jue hasn't used the method left by the First Heavenly Ghost King. Once he uses it, the current situation will be reversed!" Ye Qiu spoke, his eyes looking at Duan Zi Jue.

"Finally, I can avenge my grudge!" Luo Shui's eyes showed excitement as he watched Luo Tian's foot slowly descending. If it landed, Duan Zi Jue would definitely not be able to withstand it.

"Boom..." However, as Ye Qiu's words were still echoing, Duan Zi Jue's body vanished from his position as if teleported. Shattered stones flew, and the tremors continued. Luo Tian's eyes showed confusion as he looked at a distance, looking at himself 100 zhang away.

"He used it. The Eight Heavenly Kings are invincible in their respective kingdoms!" Ye Qiu and others exclaimed.

However, as people were shocked, a figure appeared in front of Duan Zi Jue. The man had black hair flowing and wore a black robe, his body radiating dark energy, eyes filled with coldness.

"Finally, I had to take action!" The young man said with a sigh, his eyes looking at Luo Tian. His body radiated an overwhelming battle spirit.

"He's Wang Mie Tian, the adopted son of the Heavenly Ghost King. He is now the current Heavenly Ghost King!" The people from the Heavenly Ghost King's city exclaimed, looking at the young man standing beside Duan Zi Jue.

"Is this Wang Mie Tian?" The Holy Sons of several palaces and some Heavenly Kings looked puzzled, looking at the young man.

"Did I have a grudge with him?" Luo Tian looked at the young man, then at Duan Zi Jue.

"Save me..." Duan Zi Jue's voice was weak, he spoke to Wang Mie Tian.

"Save you?" Wang Mie Tian lightly shook his head and extended his hand to grab Duan Zi Jue.

"Back then, how did you torment my mother?" Wang Mie Tian spoke softly. His hands emitted waves of energy, and black symbols spread from his body, wrapping Duan Zi Jue.

The black symbols carried an inexplicable power. Duan Zi Jue's face turned even paler, his eyes showing despair and regret.

"Originally I thought you could handle him. But it turns out, you're so useless!" Wang Mie Tian spoke, his voice cold.

"This..." People listened to Wang Mie Tian's words and were surprised. They hadn't expected Wang Mie Tian to say such things.

"Regret... I shouldn't have let the wolves in, bringing you and your son to my Heavenly Ghost King's city!" Duan Zi Jue roared, his eyes filled with despair.

"Luotian, do you still remember me?" As Duan Zi Jue roared, a woman approached and stood in front of Wang Mie Tian. She had an elegant and ethereal appearance, radiating a strange aura that made people want to look at her more.

"What's going on?" Everyone was confused, looking at Wang Mie Tian and the woman standing beside him.

"Could it be a love affair?"

"This Wang Mie Tian's name is also very unique, 'Mie Tian' meaning to destroy Luotian?"

" I don't know..." Luo Tian spoke, his mind was also puzzled. He had never had any interaction with this woman before.

Su Dan furrowed her brows, hearing the people's gossip and felt a little belief in what they said.

"You!" The woman heard Luo Tian's words, her chest rose and fell violently. Obviously, she was angry at what Luo Tian said.

"Maybe it really is a love affair. Did Luotian abandon her?" People speculated, looking at Luo Tian who was confused.

"It's been too long. You really forgot me, do you remember Wanyoulan?" The woman shouted and spoke her name.

"Wanyoulan?" Luo Tian was puzzled again. He had completely forgotten everything.

"The woman's body type is a bit special!" Ye Qiu and others looked at Wanyoulan standing there, their eyes glowing with waves of light.

"A rare and precious body type. Whoever has a twin cultivation with her will increase their cultivation speed by at least twice!" Fan Tianyin spoke, his eyes greedy.

"Ugh..." Duan Zi Jue's throat made a series of crackling sounds. His entire body's power rapidly withered, his eyes filled with intense regret. However, the strong people in the Heavenly Ghost King's city below seemed to ignore it.

Duan Zi Jue truly regretted it. At that time, when Wanyoulan and Wang Mie Tian came to the Heavenly Ghost King's city, Duan Zi Jue was fully focused on trying to reproduce. Wanyoulan's special body type naturally caught his attention, so he accepted the mother and daughter and took Wang Mie Tian as his adopted son. He spent nights with Wanyoulan, enhancing his strength while hoping to create an offspring.

Duan Zi Jue never expected that Wanyoulan and Wang Mie Tian had sinister ambitions. Over the years, they secretly gathered forces. When Duan Zi Jue returned from the Wheel Rotation Palace wounded, Wang Mie Tian finally made his move. He directly controlled Duan Zi Jue and, without knowing what method he used, sealed his cultivation. As long as Wang Mie Tian had a thought, he could take away Duan Zi Jue's cultivation.

To continue living, Duan Zi Jue had to pass the position of Heavenly Ghost King to Wang Mie Tian. Duan Zi Jue hadn't thought about resisting, but even the methods left by the First Heavenly Ghost King he tried could not be broken. Moreover, Wang Mie Tian had learned about the methods left by the First Heavenly Ghost King and had taken them all.

"Although Duan Zi Jue was a First Heavenly King, he never expected to be defeated by this mother and daughter. These two women are not simple at all!" The Holy Sons of the Ten Palaces and several Heavenly Kings said with admiration, looking at Duan Zi Jue whose body was gradually weakening. They knew the Heaven Ghost King's era would change.

"Luotian, we've been waiting for this day too long. No matter if you remember or not, today you won't escape. I can't kill you, but I have a son. Back then, my son and Nie Sheng's son were this child. It was your mind-seeding demon that made it ineffective for me and Nie Yuntian!" Wanyoulan roared, her voice filled with endless hatred.

Chapter 2503: No Escape

"A woman consumed by hatred!" Ye Qiu and others said with admiration, watching the mad Wanyoulan. They finally understood why Duan Zi Jue had said he was already beyond redemption.

"I don't know what our grudge is, but if you want my life, then just come and get it!" Luo Tian was confused, not knowing what Wanyoulan was shouting about.

Wanyoulan looked at Luo Tian's innocent face and became even angrier. She had expected that when she saw him, he would be shocked. But Wanyoulan hadn't anticipated that the other person had forgotten her, which made her very upset. Her hatred over these years hadn't been forgotten; she believed that her suffering was all because of Luo Tian.

Back then, Nie Sheng and Nie Yuntian both died at Luo Tian's hands. Wanyoulan knew she would never have a good life in the Eternal Mountain and might become a plaything of one of its elders. So she chose to leave the Eternal Mountain, wandering in the Immortal world with her child. She didn't know how many strong people she had sought out, becoming a furnace for strengthening others and gradually raising Wang Mie Tian.

Later, Wang Mie Tian finally grew up and obtained many opportunities. Wanyoulan and Wang Mie Tian chose to enter Hell because Wang Mie Tian had obtained something, knowing that he could quickly enhance his strength in Hell.

When they arrived at Hell and heard that Luo Tian was also there, the two were overjoyed. They constantly planned until this day.

But Luo Tian didn't know why, and he definitely wouldn't sit idly by.

" Don't be in a hurry. This old man is the first gift I prepared for you. He's useless and doesn't have any reason to stay anymore!" Wang Mie Tian smiled, holding Duan Zi Jue. The body of Duan Zi Jue quickly withered and was thrown to the ground by Wang Mie Tian.

"I'm not willing. I, Duan Zi Jue, have no face to meet my ancestors!" Duan Zi Jue roared. No matter how he struggled, his body gradually lost its life.

"From now on, I am the true master of the Heavenly Ghost King's city!" Wang Mie Tian spoke loudly, his voice filled with authority.

"Revere the Heavenly Ghost King!" A group of people from the Heavenly Ghost King's city bowed and paid respects to Wang Mie Tian standing there. A powerful figure, the Heavenly Ghost King who ruled one of the Eight Heavenly Kings in Hell, Duan Zi Jue was thus defeated. It was truly a pity.

With Duan Zi Jue's death, the lineage of the Heavenly Ghost King was completely broken. No one had expected this result.

The Eight Heavenly Kings, existing since the beginning of Hell, had always been passed down. Although they were getting weaker over time, they still existed and were an indispensable part of Hell. Today, one lineage had completely ended.

"Even the most prosperous dynasty has a day when it ends entirely!" Mo Tian and other Heavenly Kings said with admiration. The legacy of their ancestors allowed them to pass down for so many generations, but their bloodline was pure while their strength was getting weaker. More heartbreaking was that the one who killed Duan Zi Jue wasn't his enemy, but rather his concubine and adopted son.

... Wang Mie Tian's aura surged into the sky, reaching the middle stage of an Immortal King. His face showed satisfaction.

"Mind-seeding Demon!" Luo Tian spoke softly, recognizing Wang Mie Tian's method. His eyebrows slightly furrowed; he didn't know why Wang Mie Tian had the Mind-seeding Demon. He knew that this technique was only known by himself and Maque, no one else.

"Everyone from the Heavenly Ghost King's city, set up a magic array to kill Luo Tian!" Wang Mie Tian spoke loudly with coldness.

"Go, this Luo Tian won't escape. Wang Mie Tian obviously doesn't want to fight alone!" The Holy Sons of the Ten Palaces and several Heavenly Kings stood up and walked down from the arena.

"Dear Holy Sons, Heavenly Kings, are you really leaving like this? I've prepared many fun things for you!" Wang Mie Tian smiled, looking at Ye Qiu and others.

Wang Mie Tian's words hadn't finished when a group of people in black robes from the Heavenly Ghost King's city instantly surrounded the entire arena.

Pulsing energy immediately enveloped the whole arena, and a powerful wave made Ye Qiu's group change their expressions. Pu pu pu...

Not only that, two people in black robes at the early stage of an Immortal King also led a group of True Immortals at the peak and half-step Immortal Kings to begin a ruthless massacre of people who had come to watch the Heavenly Ghost King's city. The scene instantly became chaotic, with cries echoing into the sky. In a moment, many people fell in pools of blood.

The strong pressure on Luo Tian and his group made their faces show a serious expression.

"Wang Mie Tian, you're looking for death!" The Holy Son of the Demon Realm, Wang Xiu, spoke coldly. They were the Ten Palaces' Holy Sons and Eight Heavenly Kings. If something happened, it would change the whole Hell.

Everyone could see that Wang Mie Tian was targeting them all. This matter was completely like a longevity star hanging itself, seeking death.

"Eight Directions and Six Heavens, I alone am supreme!" Wang Mie Tian roared, his hands moving. The divine laws flowed through his hands as he slammed them down on the arena.

... The earth and sky roared. Black demon clouds trembled, and a group of demon shadows descended from the sky to attack Luo Tian and others. On another side, the Heavenly Ghost King's city turned into a river of blood, gradually becoming a hellish scene. The vast Heavenly Ghost King's city had countless people; many could not escape, being slaughtered like pigs and dogs.

Blood flowed and gathered toward the central arena, as if it was enhanced by a great array.

"Ritual of Demon!" Wang Mie Tian roared, his body radiating demonic energy. A demon shadow appeared behind him.

The black shadow opened its mouth and swallowed the blood flowing toward the arena. The demon gradually became solid, finally appearing behind Wang Mie Tian.

"Roar..." The black shadow roared. Its body radiated a brutal aura and attempted to devour Wang Mie Tian.

"Go back!" Wang Mie Tian showed no surprise. He sent a streak of light from his hand, imprinting it on the demon's body.

A painful roar echoed. The black shadow instantly froze in place, not daring to cross the boundary. Boom.

Boom boom... At this moment, Luo Tian and others were also fighting against the demon shadows descending from the clouds. Although these demons were powerful, Luo Tian and his group were Immortals and strong warriors with amazing techniques. These demons could not cause them much harm.

"Luo Tian, this is the second great gift I prepared for you!" Wang Mie Tian looked at Luo Tian who was continuously slicing the demons. He extended his hand and struck the demon behind him.

"Kill him!" Wang Mie Tian pointed at Luo Tian's direction and spoke to the demon that was several zhang high.

"Roar..." The demon roared, emitting an overwhelming aura. Its fierce eyes locked onto Luo Tian and rushed toward him.

Yellow light flashed, the black demon instantly appeared in front of Luo Tian. A massive fist rushed toward him.

Luo Tian's eyes slightly narrowed and countered with a punch, colliding with the thick fist. Boom.

Boom boom... The collision echoed. Luo Tian's body retreated, leaving cracks on the ground. He looked at the demon with fierce eyes.

"What is this thing?" Luo Tian was surprised. His collision had caused him to take a small loss, and his body was beyond the middle stage of an Immortal King.

At Luo Tian's surprise, the black demon rushed to his front again and opened its mouth to swallow him. Luo Tian's body moved, thinking that if he was swallowed by this thing, it would be difficult to escape. The Yellow River Step activated, and Luo Tian disappeared from the spot, leaving the demon empty-handed. The black eyes showed anger, and with a thud, it stomped on the ground. Its speed was no slower than Luo Tian's.

"Fast and strong body, there's trouble!" Luo Tian muttered to himself. At the same time, he collided with the black demon again and fought while retreating.

"The Ten Holy Sons and Eight Heavenly Kings, what are they? In a hundred years, Hell will have only one voice, my voice, Wang Mie Tian!" Wang Mie Tian smiled, looking at Ye Qiu and others who were fighting the demons.

"Spit! What are you? You're just an Immortal King in the middle stage. I see your foundation is unstable, and you still want to catch us?" Ye Qiu spoke coldly. His sword energy spread around him, and his sword domain instantly expanded, cutting down many demons.

"Six Paths of Reincarnation Sword!" Six forces swept over. Ye Qiu waved his sword, the six sword glows forming a long dragon that rushed toward Wang Mie Tian.

"Shura's Sword!" Wang Xiu roared. He had a long sword in his hand, and the black blade slashed through many demons, rushing toward Wang Mie Tian.

"Roar..." The black sword emitted a series of roars. Black blade energy produced a series of explosions, rushing toward Wang Mie Tian.

Others also launched their attacks. A dozen martial arts each carried a terrifying power, and together they could destroy the heavens and earth.

However, Wang Mie Tian's face was filled with a sneer. He looked at the dozens of strong martial arts coming toward him, simply standing there and grabbing his hand. An invisible vortex appeared in front of Wang Mie Tian. The six sword glows twisted within the vortex, as if absorbed by an invisible force. The other martial arts were also like this; eighteen martial arts, each was absorbed by the invisible vortex without harming Wang Mie Tian at all.

"Damn it, he really has mastered the method left by the First Heavenly Ghost King!" Everyone's faces turned grim.

Boom boom boom... The collision sounds kept ringing. Luo Tian was fighting with the black demon, and as time passed, he could feel that the black demon was becoming stronger.

"Forming a Buddha!" Luo Tian was pushed back a hundred zhang. His hands quickly changed, and his body began to roar.

"World..." In an instant, Luo Tian's body grew to a hundred zhang in height. His massive figure stood between heaven and earth.

"Damn it, I'll stomp you to death!" Luo Tian took a step forward with his foot and used the Seven Steps of Mountain Stomping. A powerful aura spread out instantly, and his foot slammed down on the black demon.

At this moment, the demon looked tiny in front of Luo Tian. The demon was slightly surprised but obviously had low intelligence.

As the demon was surprised, Luo Tian's foot slammed down with a thud. Dust and smoke spread.

"Roar..." However, the roar echoed from within the dust, indicating that this powerful stomp had not harmed the demon.

Step by step... Luo Tian felt an uncontrollable force acting on his foot, forcing him to retreat.

As he retreated, Luo Tian took the second step. His mountain-like foot rushed toward the demon that was about to get up.

Boom... Another explosion rang out. However, it still forced Luo Tian back, but this time the demon was not much better off either. Magic energy constantly burst out from it.

"Again!" Luo Tian roared and took one step after another toward the demon, his power growing stronger with each step.

Boom boom boom... The black leg shadows overlapped continuously. The entire Heavenly Ghost King's city trembled as people looked at the towering figure standing between heaven and earth.

The seventh step landed, causing the heavens and earth to tremble. A deep pit appeared. The black foot stood there with wisps of magic energy spreading from beneath it.

"Stomped to death..." Ye Qiu and others had twitching mouths, looking at the deep pit. They could no longer sense the presence of the demon.

However, at this moment, the group had no time to care about Luo Tian's situation. Because Wang Mie Tian launched another attack, his face filled with a smile as he slowly approached Ye Qiu and others.

"Now you have two choices: either submit or be subdued by me!" Wang Mie Tian radiated an overwhelming aura. His eyes looked at Ye Qiu and others.

"Dark Clouds Covering the Sky!" Wang Mie Tian's eyes were cold. He pressed his hand toward Ye Qiu and others, causing a thunderous sound. The black clouds of demons descended from the sky.

Pounding demonic energy instantly immobilized Ye Qiu and others. An overwhelming aura made them feel as if they were restrained.

"Damn it!" The group roared, trying to break free. But the aura was too strong for them to withstand at the early stage of an Immortal King.

The black clouds of demons instantly descended to a hundred zhang above the ground and fell onto Luo Tian's head.

"Open up!" Luo Tian extended his hands to block the black clouds of demons, but it was in vain. His massive body began to collapse continuously.

In a few moments, Luo Tian's figure appeared in the dust. His eyes were also filled with shock. This demon cloud was beyond their ability to resist.

"How about it? Do you want to submit?" Wang Mie Tian radiated an overwhelming aura. He stood under the demon clouds, like a king. His eyes looked at Ye Qiu and others.

"You also qualify? If you leave the Heavenly Ghost King's city, I'll kill you with three swords!" Ye Qiu's face turned red. His breath was difficult, but he still spoke loudly with a sense of defiance.

"Then start with you!" Wang Mie Tian's face showed a sneer. In this place, he was the true master. Luo Tian and his group were powerless against him.

"Royal Soul, empower my body!" Wang Mie Tian spoke loudly. At the same time, his hands moved quickly. A stream of gray energy flowed from his hands and formed a ghostly figure.

The gray phantom radiated an overwhelming aura. Its gray eyes looked down at the world, and its imperial presence made people want to bow.

"This is the First Heavenly Ghost King!" Ye Qiu and others exclaimed, their eyes filled with despair. If they had wanted to resist before, now they had no desire for resistance at all.

"This is the residual soul of the First Heavenly Ghost King, guarding the Heavenly Ghost King's city!" Wang Xiu spoke, his voice filled with shock.

"Royal Soul!" Luo Tian's eyes showed surprise. He had lost his memory and didn't know about the existence of an Immortal Emperor.

The aged soul, although very intangible, radiated a power that made people unable to resist.

Boom... Under the eyes of Ye Qiu and others, the gray soul exploded and spread a powerful aura throughout heaven and earth.

Wang Mie Tian extended his hand, and an invisible vortex came from his hand. It started to absorb the powerful gray energy.

As the gray energy was absorbed, Wang Mie Tian's aura gradually increased.

"He is refining the residual soul left by the First Heavenly Ghost King. He wants to break through to the late stage of an Immortal King in one go!" Fan Tianyin exclaimed.

"This is completely cutting off the family. If this soul could be controlled, it would be able to kill us all. But he didn't; instead, he absorbed the soul's power and enhanced his own strength!" Ye Qiu's face was also grim.

"Soul?" Luo Tian furrowed his brows, looking at Wang Mie Tian who was continuously absorbing powerful strength. His eyes flickered slightly.

"Refining the Soul!" Luo Tian roared and quickly moved his hands. Waves of energy flowed from his hands, rushing toward the powerful gray energy.

The gray soul's power trembled. However, it only trembled once before continuing to be absorbed by Wang Mie Tian.

"It's no use!" Luo Tian's eyes widened. He hadn't expected that his identity as a soul-refining master couldn't refine the soul power either. This was the first time he had encountered it.

"It's no use. Unless the First Heavenly Ghost King is reborn, no one can touch that First Heavenly Ghost King's soul!" Ye Qiu and others shook their heads.

"Duan Zi Jue!" Luo Tian's eyes slightly narrowed. He looked at the withered corpse nearby and his eyes flashed with waves of light.

"Let's try. Otherwise, if Wang Mie Tian enters the late stage of an Immortal King, there's only a path to death!" Luo Tian muttered in his heart. With difficulty, he took steps toward Duan Zi Jue's withered corpse.

"What is he doing?" Everyone was puzzled. They didn't know why Luo Tian suddenly went to Duan Zi Jue.