

"Again..." Qin Tianming roared, his eyes filled with resentment. His hands moved swiftly as he waved them, and a sound of breaking the air rose in front of him.

A powerful sense of crisis instantly made Luo Tian's face change slightly. His body instinctively bent, and a cold chill flashed across his cheeks, with blood flowing down from the sides of his face.

"Evaded it!" Qin Tianming was shocked. Although he seemed to have made no move, he had actually used his signature technique, sending out an invisible blade that killed without a trace.

This move was extremely hidden; Qin Tianming rarely used it, and this technique had rarely failed. He hadn't expected Luo Tian to evade it.

"What kind of monster is this!" Qin Tianming thought in his heart, but his hands did not stop at all. He gripped the hilt of the sword and met Luo Tian's attack.

The sound of collision kept ringing out. Luo Tian's great sword fell repeatedly, and with his unparalleled physical strength, he started to suppress Qin Tianming. Several times, Qin Tianming wanted to use that move again, but Luo Tian's attacks came like a storm, one after another, leaving no chance for Qin Tianming to perform.

Qin Tianming was extremely frustrated. He hadn't expected that even after leaving the Xuan Yue Realm, Luo Tian was still so powerful. Although he wasn't as helpless as in the Xuan Yue Realm, he was also struggling to catch his breath.

" He entered the early stage of Immortal King through a secret method. I'll wear him down!" Qin Tianming saw the fine cracks on Luo Tian's body and the continuous release of demonic energy. He knew that Luo Tian had used a secret method, and it was impossible for him to last long.

"Want to wear me down?" Luo Tian understood Qin Tianming's intention after ten confrontations, only two of which were attacks.

"You're not qualified to wear me down!" Luo Tian thought with a cold smile and unleashed his technique towards the heavens. His thick foot came down with a thunderous impact, which was Luo Tian's most powerful move - the Seven Stomps of Barbarian.

Qin Tianming looked at that mighty foot and showed contempt. He raised his hands to the sky and met it head-on.

"Boom..." Luo Tian was pushed back, then took another step forward. The second stomp came without a pause and landed directly.

But Qin Tianming still managed to block it. He laughed loudly, "Is that all you've got?"

"Buzz..." The answer to Qin Tianming was the third stomp. Three leg shadows merged, and its power shook the heavens.

The third stomp, with Luo Tian's physical strength three times stronger, was enough to make Qin Tianming feel the danger.

"Metamorphosis!" Qin Tianming roared and spat out a series of golden calligraphic chains, surrounding himself and wrapping him up.

"Boom..." A storm swept through. The thick foot directly stepped on those calligraphic chains, and thirty-six of them were instantly destroyed half. The powerful impact made Qin Tianming's face pale, and blood trickled from his lips.

Luo Tian showed no surprise. After all, Qin Tianming was a master of a sect; he was well-known in both the Central Three Heavens and the Upper Three Heavens. It was certain that he had some techniques.

In his thoughts, the fourth stomp burst out with four times the physical strength, making Qin Tianming's face look grim.

"Is there no end to this!" Qin Tianming roared and spat out another time, this time forty-eight calligraphic chains flying around his body.

The calligraphy was destroyed and half of them were instantly annihilated. The powerful rebound force made Luo Tian spit blood, but he was also surprised that Qin Tianming had such a strong defensive technique.

"Buzz..." As Luo Tian retreated, Qin Tianming got a moment to catch his breath. He waved his hand and three sounds of breaking the air rang out, making Luo Tian's heart immediately panic.

In the gray domain, Luo Tian carefully observed the movement of the wind and grass. His eyes also flashed with a purple light, and he looked around. His massive body suddenly turned.

"Thud... Thud..." Two sounds rang out, and a long sword pierced through Luo Tian's shoulder, stained with his blood. Another one cut across his waist, peeling off a large piece of skin.

"It's truly an excellent technique!" Luo Tian was shocked. He had already reached his limit, but he could only sense the traces of three swords. Although he evaded one sword, he was still wounded by two others, and the injuries were not light.

"Go to hell!" As Qin Tianming raised his hand again, Luo Tian took the fifth step. Five times the physical strength made Qin Tianming's heart race and his sword was almost unstable!

"Ah..." Qin Tianming spat out calligraphy again. This time it was ninety-nine, directly blocking Luo Tian's vision and making it impossible to see Qin Tianming's figure.

Luo Tian was still pushed back. He looked at the calligraphy that had been destroyed and revealed Qin Tianming's body, who was also pale-faced.

"Let's see who lasts until the end!" Luo Tian and Qin Tianming both roared at the same time.

Luo Tian ignored Qin Tianming's hand and took the sixth step, releasing an earth-shaking aura.

The world trembled. Six times the physical strength was enough to kill any early-stage Immortal King, and without special means, it would be impossible to withstand.

At the same time, six blades of light disappeared from in front of Qin Tianming. One hundred and eight calligraphy chains surged out, surrounding Qin Tianming like a golden cocoon.

"The complete form of the Metamorphosis Secret Technique!" A disciple from the Tian Can Sect exclaimed, looking at the golden cocoon with reverence.

"Indeed, it's a master. He has even mastered the complete form of Metamorphosis!" The disciples of Tian Can Sect were excited and their morale soared.

With a thunderous sound, Luo Tian's sixth stomp landed on the golden cocoon. As soon as he felt it, a rebound force that was no weaker than his Seven Stomps of Barbarian hit him. He naturally flew backward.

"Eight Directions of Treasure!" As he flew back, Luo Tian spat blood and made a hand gesture. Invisible waves twisted around him. He had six wounds, but they weren't fatal.

"Crack... Crack..." Calligraphy chains exploded in the world. Qin Tianming panted heavily and looked towards Luo Tian's direction.

"How is that possible!" Qin Tianming's pale face was filled with shock. He couldn't understand how Luo Tian had evaded his final attack.

"There's nothing impossible. I'll end you this time!" Luo Tian, blood trickling from his mouth, reached the peak of his power. His body even emitted an atmosphere that could destroy heaven and earth. His massive body soared into the air, and he took his seventh stomp.

Almost immediately after Luo Tian took the seventh step, Qin Tianming's heart skipped a beat. He felt a life-threatening danger as he saw that foot shattering the sky.

"I don't believe you can break it!" Qin Tianming roared and started to replenish the calligraphy chains he had previously destroyed. One hundred and eight chains once again restored Qin Tianming to a cocoon-like state.

"Boom... Boom..." At the moment the golden cocoon appeared, Luo Tian's foot that shattered space also came down and landed on the golden cocoon. A thunderous sound rang out.

Seven times the physical strength was enough to become Luo Tian's killing move and one of his resources for a battle against an Immortal King in the middle stage.

Storms surged, and the entire battlefield seemed to pause. Under the shocked gazes of people watching the battle between Luo Tian and Qin Tianming, calligraphy chains exploded in Luo Tian's big foot.

One hundred and eight calligraphy chains transformed into a terrifying divine law, exploding in front of the massive foot filled with primitive power.

Qin Tianming's face was pale. He looked at that unstoppable foot and his eyes also showed strong shock. The powerful pressure made Qin Tianming's face change.

"Boom..." Qin Tianming barely had time to raise his hands before he was directly hit by the foot, spitting out blood and turning into a streak of light that crashed into the Huan Tian Sea.

"Good!" The people from the Tian Yuan Sect shouted loudly. Luo Tian's foot almost killed Qin Tianming, and it boosted the morale of the Tian Yuan Sect. Although they were fewer in number than the Tian Can Sect, their spirit was no less.

"Roar..." As Luo Tian prepared to capture Qin Tianming, a painful roar echoed. Golden scales fell, and a hundred-foot-long golden dragon was caught by an old man who swung it around and hit a golden ape. It wasn't anyone else but Long Jie and Yao Chen who had manifested their true forms.

In other battlefields, Xiang Tianming also transformed into his true form to fight Qin He Feng. The fire master was constantly battling with Qin Huaiyuan, and blood appeared at the corner of his mouth.

Apart from Luo Tian's battlefield, there was no advantage in any other place. This made Luo Tian feel bitter, but the bitterness disappeared instantly as he saw the old man rushing towards Long Jie again.

"Roar..." A golden dragon's breath burst from Long Jie's mouth, sweeping towards the old man.

"Rebellious dragon. You should be a mount for my elder! This monkey would suit me as a gatekeeper!" The old man smiled and waved his hand.

Chapter 2404: The Arrival of the Merfolk()

Long Jie and Yao Chen were in trouble, so Luo Tian would not ignore them. They had just ascended to the early stage of Immortal King, but they were already suppressed to a step before Immortal King. Their foundation was unstable, and it was already difficult for them to withstand such a long time against an elder who had been in the early stage of Immortal King for many years.

"Buzz..." Luo Tian's body moved like lightning, holding Long Yuan and rushing towards the old man. The old man's momentary mind was startled.

"Buzz..." A withered wooden stick appeared in the old man's hand. It looked as if it would break upon contact, but it collided with Long Yuan.

"Crack..." Another thunderous sound rang out. The old man and Luo Tian both retreated, but the old man took a large step back while Luo Tian only stepped back several steps.

"Strong!" The old man was shocked instantly. He had already judged that he was inferior to Luo Tian after this attack.

"Die!" Luo Tian looked at Long Jie and Yao Chen, who were covered in blood. His eyes flashed with fierce killing intent, like a demon. He raised Long Yuan and rushed towards the old man.

The old man's face changed, looking at Luo Tian with fierce killing intent. However, he had no choice but to defend against Luo Tian.

The thunderous sound returned again. The wide Long Yuan kept colliding with the withered wooden stick. Each confrontation made the old man spit blood and retreat.

"Roar..." Long Jie and Yao Chen took a breath, then roared as they rushed towards the battlefield. With Luo Tian there, they didn't need to do anything.

"Boom..." However, as the two just flew away, a sound of breaking water rang out. A figure rose from the bloody Huan Tian Sea - it was Qin Tianming, who had been crushed into the sea and severely wounded.

"Luotian!" As Qin Tianming emerged, he saw Luo Tian pushing back the Tian Can Sect elder. He extended his hand and an invisible long sword landed in his hands. Without paying attention to Long Jie and Yao Chen, he rushed towards Luo Tian.

Long Jie and Yao Chen didn't hesitate. Their bodies turned around and rushed toward Qin Tianming.

"You two rest!"

"Two people, what fear is there!" As the two were about to move, Luo Tian spoke to Long Jie and Yao Chen with a cold smile. His left hand revealed the Mo Ming Sword, and he clashed against Qin Tianming.

At that moment, three people were locked in a stalemate. Luo Tian danced his sword and continuously fought against the two, although he was temporarily at a disadvantage, but he could still hold on.

"This isn't going to work!" As Luo Tian continuously fought, he also observed other battlefields.

At this moment, the Huan Tian Sea was very chaotic. The battles between two sects were at a deadlock, with people constantly dying. However, the Immortal King level was clearly more obvious. Master Meng Wushuang and Xiang Tianming were both at a disadvantage, even worse than Luo Tian's situation. It looked like they would soon be unable to withstand.

After all, they were fighting against opponents who were stronger than them. Master Meng Wushuang's body was thin and weak despite being covered in flames, clearly using all his strength to block Qin Huaiyuan. Meanwhile, Xiang Tianming had transformed into his true form, a massive body that looked intimidating but was fighting against Qin He Feng. Although Qin He Feng had also just ascended to the Immortal King level, his strength was far beyond a step before Immortal King.

This was even in the Huan Tian Sea, where Xiang Tianming had some advantages. Otherwise, he would have already lost by now. Even if he hadn't lost, his current state was not good. His massive body was covered with wounds.

"I'll be done for it if I don't finish them. The Seven Stomps of Barbarian can't be used now, the consumption is too great, and Qin Tianming would never give me a chance to use it!" Luo Tian muttered in his heart. If it weren't for the restriction on his cultivation, the situation would have been clearly in their favor.

"Supreme Stone, it's your turn!" Luo Tian transmitted a message to the Supreme Stone. At this point, he had no choice but to take a risk.

"Master, my master, don't do this. I'm afraid of pain..." The voice of the Supreme Stone sounded with desperation and pleading.

"Go to hell..." Luo Tian cursed, at this moment, the Supreme Stone was still thinking about being afraid of pain.

"Buzz..." A series of divine lights appeared in front of Luo Tian. A small red tower hovered above his head.

"What is this?" Seeing the Tower of Illumination, Qin Tianming and the old man's faces slightly changed. They felt a strong danger on the tower.

"Rippling... Rippling..." As Luo Tian prepared to take a gamble, waves surged and the battlefield around him was filled with massive waves.

"Son-in-law, we've come to save you!" A loud shout rang out. Two figures flew out. An old man with a cold expression, especially when he saw Fu Xingyue holding the Star Moon Spear and covered in blood while fighting, burst into action.

"Who dares to touch my son-in-law!" The old man shouted and held a trident in his hand, throwing it towards Fu Xingyue.

"Thud... Thud..." Divine light flashed. Wherever the divine light went, no one survived. A string of figures were pierced by the trident and died under it.

"Boom..." The half-Immortal King who was fighting Fu Xingyue was instantly pinned to the sky, his eyes still filled with confusion.

Shui Changkong, the elder of the Merfolk Clan, had the strength of an Immortal King in the middle stage. Especially in the Huan Tian Sea, Shui Changkong's strength was stronger than that of human Immortal Kings in the middle stage. Behind him stood a middle-aged man, Shui Li, the current elder of the Merfolk Clan with the strength of an early-stage Immortal King.

"Master!" Luo Tian saw them and almost cried, his heart filled with excitement. Their appearance instantly turned the disadvantage of the Tian Yuan Sect around.

"I almost forgot, this is the territory of the Merfolk Clan!" Fu Xingyue trembled as he looked at the trident, jumping up and down.

"Next time, you should go find a few more wives. They can be useful in critical moments, brother. You'll achieve great things!" Wan Lingkong laughed and fought against a half-Immortal King.

The confrontation between two sects was so large that it could not help but attract the attention of the forces in the Huan Tian Sea. When the two sects started fighting, it was reported to the Merfolk Clan. In recent years, Fu Xingyue had also visited the Huan Tian Sea several times to visit Shui Yunqian. Now Fu Xingyue had become a de facto son-in-law in the Merfolk Clan.

Shui Changkong naturally knew about Tian Yuan Sect. His future son-in-law was a senior of the Tian Yuan Sect. Shui Changkong would not help if he didn't, so as soon as he received the news, he hurriedly brought his son Shui Li to come.

"Kill..." As soon as the two appeared, Shui Changkong rushed towards Qin Huaiyuan who was about to subdue Master Meng Wushuang. He knew what was important.

The trident that had fallen near Fu Xingyue moved and disappeared from his side, appearing in Shui Changkong's hand. He slammed it towards Qin Huaiyuan.

"You..." Qin Huaiyuan's face changed. He hadn't expected the forces of the Huan Tian Sea to suddenly appear, which was an unexpected variable he hadn't anticipated.

"You are fighting for the Heaven-Struggle War. How dare the forces of Huan Tian Sea interfere!" Qin Huaiyuan extended his hand to block Shui Changkong's attack. His entire arm trembled, and his body also retreated.

"What are you doing here in the Huan Tian Sea? My son-in-law is from the Tian Yuan Sect, and you want to destroy them. That's not allowed!" Shui Changkong shouted and continuously attacked, his attacks like waves, constantly striking Qin Huaiyuan.

Meanwhile, Shui Li took over Xiang Tianming's position and started to fight against Qin He Feng. The situation immediately turned around, and Qin He Feng was quickly at a disadvantage.

"Finally, I've brought them back!" Luo Tian muttered in his heart and also marveled at Fu Xingyue's wife for being so useful.

"Rippling... Rippling..." However, soon after, Luo Tian's face showed a look of joy. He saw waves rising from all directions and strange figures appearing around the battlefield, countless in number, surrounding the battlefield of the two sects.

"Bringing all the reinforcements! This favor is really big!" Luo Tian muttered in his heart, looking at the countless sea monsters.

"Kill..." A young man of the Merfolk Clan shouted and rolled his body, leading the forces of the Merfolk Clan towards the battlefield.

Countless sea monsters, more than the two sects combined, were countless in number. Just by sheer numbers, they could scare people to death.

Thunderous sounds rang out. The Tian Yuan Sect and the sea monsters immediately launched an attack on the people of the Tian Can Sect.

Although the number of top-level sea monsters, those at the True Immortal stage, was slightly less than that of the Tian Can Sect, combined with the Tian Yuan Sect, it exceeded the Tian Can Sect. The situation immediately changed.

Luo Tian still fought against two opponents, holding a red tower in his hand and slamming it towards Qin Tianming.

Qin Tianming roared, his voice filled with madness. He felt the powerful aura of the Tower of Illumination and had no choice but to fight with all his strength.

An invisible long sword was summoned, instantly drawing on Qin Tianming's cultivation and slicing towards the Tower of Illumination. At the same time, one hundred and eight calligraphy chains were spat out again, forming a cocoon that wrapped around Qin Tianming.

"Buzz..." A white long sword suddenly transformed into a crystalline butterfly, flying towards the Tower of Illumination. However, the butterfly's wings were like sharp blades, cutting through space and emitting a powerful aura.

"You can't beat him? I'll have to hit it again!" Luo Tian, seeing the crystalline butterfly, also felt a sense of danger. He immediately spoke to the Supreme Stone.

"Ahh..." Upon hearing Luo Tian's words, the Supreme Stone became疯狂. A wild aura instantly radiated from the Tower of Illumination, and the red tower rapidly expanded, colliding with the butterfly.

"Crack..." The world trembled. In an instant, the rapidly expanding Tower of Illumination collided with the butterfly. The powerful butterfly was shattered under the tower.

"A little moth dares to challenge me!" The Supreme Stone's arrogant voice rang out, shattering the butterfly and then pressing down on Qin Tianming again.

Chapter 2405: Eliminating Qin Tianming()

"Crack..." Another loud crack rang out. The Tower of Illumination slammed against the golden cocoon, destroying one hundred and eight calligraphy chains.

"Pain... Pain..." However, shortly after, the Supreme Stone's voice rang out again, making people around Luo Tian slightly twitch their lips.

"What is this thing..." Everyone was confused. Only one person, with a look of fear in his eyes, looked at the red tower falling from the sky. That was Qin Tianming.

Qin Tianming was truly terrified. Even after being weakened by the calligraphy chains, the red Tower of Illumination still gave him a strong sense of danger.

"Is it a world treasure?" Qin Tianming had never seen such a terrifying artifact before. It had shattered his weapons and defensive techniques repeatedly.

"Boom..." A dull sound rang out. In the moment Qin Tianming was distracted, the red Tower of Illumination slammed onto his body.

Blood mist rose. Qin Tianming was turned into blood mist under the terrified gaze of another early-stage Immortal King elder.

"Pain... I can't do it anymore!" As people were shocked, the Supreme Stone's cry rang out, making people shiver.

"You're not done yet. Listen to this sound; it's clearly full of energy!" People thought in their hearts, looking at the Tower of Illumination hovering in the sky.

At the same time, the attack from that early-stage Immortal King elder also hit Luo Tian. The withered wooden stick precisely struck Luo Tian's head.

Luo Tian felt his world spinning, and blood flowed down from his head, covering his vision. His body naturally fell towards the Huan Tian Sea.

"Luotian!" Nan Gong Yuqing and others shouted. Cao Dezhu's body moved like lightning, instantly appearing beside Luo Tian and helping him up.

"What is this physical strength!" The old man exclaimed. His attack was so powerful, a real early-stage Immortal King strike, and it was aimed at the head, enough to be fatal. However, Luo Tian only bled, obviously not killing him.

"How are you?" Cao Dezhu looked at Luo Tian with concern. He knew that Luo Tian's physical strength was extraordinary, but it couldn't withstand such a beating.

"I'm fine!" Luo Tian felt drowsy. His eyelids were heavy, and a sense of fatigue overtook him, but he still gritted his teeth to speak.

Luo Tian knew that he couldn't fall down. If he did, the advantage of the Tian Yuan Sect would turn back to a disadvantage. He had no choice but to persist, persist until the Tian Yuan Sect's victory. At least, he needed to eliminate this early-stage Immortal King elder.

"Leave it to me. My speed is still good enough. I should be able to hold on for a while. Rest a bit!" Cao Dezhu saw the severity of Luo Tian's injuries and knew that he was bleeding heavily, especially on his head, which had even caved in.

"Come here..." Luo Tian extended his hand and gray mist rose from the blood mist of Qin Tianming. A gray soul appeared in Luo Tian's hand.

"Die..." Without hesitation, Luo Tian crushed Qin Tianming's soul with his hands, turning it into a swirling mist that disappeared from Luo Tian's fingertips.

"The true fall of the soul, leaving no trace!" People exclaimed, watching Qin Tianming's death.

At the moment Qin Tianming's soul was destroyed, all the Immortal King masters in the world felt a slight tremor. They could all sense the presence of the Sealing King Monument.

When Qin Tianming died, his name disappeared from the Sealing King Monument, making everyone know it.

"Qin Tianming is dead. How is that possible?" Exclamations rang out throughout the sects of the Central Three Heavens. Even the nine great mountains in the Upper Three Heavens were shaken.

"The Tian Can Sect, Qin Tianming. He was a sect master. In the Central Three Heavens, only a few people could kill Qin Tianming!"

"Wait... It can't be..." In an instant, a group of figures flew from various directions in the Central Three Heavens.

"Master, the entire Tian Can Sect is empty!" After a short time, various sects received intelligence. The Tian Can Sect had only the elderly and women left; those who could fight were not in the Tian Can Sect.

"Damn it, Huan Tian Sea. The people of the Tian Can Sect must have gone to Huan Tian Sea to intercept them!" Ye Wudao immediately understood and his face turned grim.

"How did so many people leave?" Ye Tian's eyebrows slightly furrowed and he spoke softly, expressing his doubts.

"Don't think too much. Let's go see. Although we can't interfere in the Heaven-Struggle War, we can still help if possible!" A figure walked in. It was Ye Sheng. Now Ye Sheng valued Luo Tian greatly, so he wanted to eliminate the past differences with Luo Tian.

Three people flew up and headed towards the Huan Tian Sea. Other sects in the Central Three Heavens also had people flying out, all of them Immortal Kings heading towards the Huan Tian Coast, where the Heaven-Struggle War took place.

At the Huan Tian Coast, a simple fishing village. A dark-skinned man stood at the edge of the Huan Tian Sea, constantly striking out. His strikes were very fast; each strike sent a thick-fingered fish flying out.

"Two hundred, Master three, two seniors each two, the rest I and my wife each half. That should be enough for a meal!" The man muttered, his voice like thunder. He picked up a large fish basket and walked towards the fishing village.

"Battle spear, let's go. Let's see the fun. Your older brother seems to have trouble!" As the man just moved, several figures appeared in front of him and spoke.

"Old brother?" Upon hearing the old man's words, Chen Zhanbiao's face changed. He threw his fish out and turned red.

"Master, what's going on?" Chen Zhanbiao stepped to the old man's side and grabbed his shoulder, shaking it.

"Stop being so rough. I'm about to fall apart!" The old man's lips twitched and he pushed Chen Zhanbiao away, shaking his head.

These three were Lu Chong, Chen Zhanbiao, and Meng Xue's disciples. They had been living in the fishing village for years, appearing like ordinary blacksmiths.

"Let's go. Once we get there, you'll know!" The old man spoke and flew up with his disciples, entering the Huan Tian Sea to find the battlefield of the Tian Yuan Sect and the Tian Can Sect.

In distant waters of the Huan Tian Sea... Underwater, a black hole-like entrance. It was very unremarkable but if any living creature swam around it, a suction force would draw the creature into the black hole.

"Boom..." The black hole emitted waves. Three battered figures were as if spewed out. Strong impact made their faces twisted, directly spitting the three from the seabed to the surface of the Huan Tian Sea.

"Cough... Cough..." The three coughed heavily, their cultivation circulated to dry the seawater on their bodies. Their eyes showed fear.

"Damn it, what is this tomb? I won't go down to the pirate tomb again. It's too dangerous, almost suffocated me!" A thin figure coughed heavily and looked at the Huan Tian Sea with fear.

"Stop talking nonsense. If it weren't for you urinating there at the end, we wouldn't have called out that tomb guardian!" A pale fat man slapped the thin figure's head, slapping it repeatedly and shouting.

"However, our gains this time are still good. Adding the one we did in the Tian Can Sect is enough for you two little bastards to reach the early stage of Immortal King!" A thin old man smiled slightly.

Hearing the old man's words, the two men grinned mischievously. The three stood on the sky and laughed, feeling extremely猥琐. This kind of extreme猥琐 smile made people's goosebumps fall off, and the three laughing together was enough to make anyone feel numb.

"Let's go!" The old man waved his hand and led the two men towards the Huan Tian Sea.

...The battle continued. The Tian Can Sect was being surrounded, and the Immortal King-level battles were at a boiling point.

With the addition of Shui Changkong and his son Shui Li, the Tian Yuan Sect's top combat power got a breather. Cao Dezhu moved like lightning, blocking the front of the Tian Can Sect's Immortal King elder. He stood with his hands behind him, emitting a lonely aura and suddenly turned around, facing the elder.

As Cao Dezhu faced the elder, his body suddenly stopped. His eyes showed shock and looked at Cao Dezhu's back. At that moment, Cao Dezhu appeared like a mountain to him, requiring his admiration. It seemed that if he took another step forward, this back would turn around and crush him.

"Really scared him..." Luo Tian and the fire master watched the battle while healing. Both of them were in a messy state. The fire master was replaced by Shui Changkong, and Luo Tian was guarded by Cao Dezhu.

"Qin Chuan, what are you looking at? You can't even kill a half-Immortal King!" Qin Huaiyuan, who was being beaten by Shui Changkong, saw the elder standing there trembling and shouted in anger.

"Grandfather, this is clearly a great power. How could it be a half-Immortal King? We've been deceived all this time!" The old man named Qin Chuan spoke loudly, his eyes filled with respect.

"Those who don't know are not to blame. I just like being low-key!" Cao Dezhu's voice was aged, but his face was sweating. He had to do anything to keep this elder occupied and give time for the fire master and Luo Tian to recover. He didn't know how long he could hold on.

"Respectful elder, please forgive me!" Qin Chuan showed respect and looked at Cao Dezhu. The more he looked, the more his heart was shocked by that aura and he felt no desire to resist.

"Damn it..." Qin Huaiyuan coughed blood, really wanted to slap Qin Chuan with a palm. But he was in trouble himself and Shui Changkong's strength was too strong.

" You bastard, look who he is!" Qin Huaiyuan couldn't help but hit Cao Dezhu with a palm. A golden hand, carrying an overwhelming aura, made Cao Dezhu's face change instantly.

"Crack..." The cost of Qin Huaiyuan's palm was that his chest was directly hit by Shui Changkong's trident.

"Damn it..." Seeing the golden hand, Cao Dezhu's hair stood up. He turned and ran.

Chapter 2406: The Secret of the Tian Can Sect()

Cao Dezhu's turning didn't matter. His aura instantly disappeared, and the heavy atmosphere collapsed, making Qin Chuan slightly stunned. He looked at Cao Dezhu with disbelief.

"Damn it!" Qin Chuan's face was grim. He bit his teeth and moved forward towards Cao Dezhu.

...Cao Dezhu had just left. The sky where Cao Dezhu was before exploded, making Cao Dezhu's scalp tingle. If he had been hit, he would have been reduced to bones.

"Who dares to deceive me!" Qin Chuan rushed forward, his withered wooden stick summoned and pressed towards Cao Dezhu. This made Cao Dezhu's face grim again.

"Who cares if you deceive me? Come and fight me, old bastard!" Cao Dezhu shouted. His body was surrounded by purple energy and he moved like lightning, narrowly dodging Qin Chuan's attack.

At the same time, Cao Dezhu opened his mouth and spat out a purple energy. It transformed into a group of purple ghost weasels, rushing towards Qin Chuan to tear at him.

"A half-Immortal King dares to fight me!" Qin Chuan's face was full of contempt. Although his current state wasn't good, he could still kill a half-Immortal King. He had forgotten that he was stunned by Cao Dezhu's previous attack.

"Buzz..." An invisible power radiated from Qin Chuan. At the same time, those purple ghost weasels rushed towards Qin Chuan's front and bit at him with sharp fangs.

"Boom... Boom..." Qin Chuan's body shook. Those ghost weasels instantly disintegrated, turning into purple energy that spread around Qin Chuan.

Qin Chuan took a step forward and his speed increased to the maximum. He rushed towards Cao Dezhu again, making Cao Dezhu's body retreat.

Hand shadows flickered. A series of golden hands emerged from Qin Chuan's hand, sweeping towards Cao Dezhu and blocking all of his escape routes. Cao Dezhu's eyes showed concern, and he quickly moved around to dodge those hand shadows. He was agile.

"Boom..." The hand shadows fell, and although Cao Dezhu's speed and movement were top-notch, the hand shadows were too dense. He was eventually hit twice, making him spit blood.

Purple robes stained with blood, Cao Dezhu's body appeared in Luo Tian's view. His face was pale.

The old man waved his hand again and threw the withered wooden stick out. A wave appeared, and at the same time, he used his hands to infuse his cultivation into the wooden stick.

The withered wood bloomed. The withered wooden stick instantly transformed into a towering ancient tree, and thousands of branches rushed towards Cao Dezhu.

"You're not fast enough. I'll make you run!" Qin Chuan coldly spoke, looking at Cao Dezhu who was moving again.

"Rippling... Rippling..." A massive number of branches wrapped around Cao Dezhu, blocking people's view. It also made Luo Tian anxious.

"Can you hold on?" Luo Tian worried and slowly stood up. His head's cracks hadn't disappeared yet, but the blood had stopped.

"Rest well!" As Luo Tian just stood up, a figure with overwhelming demonic energy appeared. Holding the demon sword, he rushed towards those thousands of branches.

"Buzz..." The demon sword slashed and cut through several branches. Nan Gong Yuqing stood outside the branches.

"Roar..." A long dragon roared, and Long Jie appeared instantly. His massive body rushed towards those branches.

Yao Chen, Wan Lingkong, Li Tianzhi, and others also broke free from their opponents and rushed towards the trapped Cao Dezhu.

Divine light soared into the sky. A series of martial arts flew from their hands and hit the ancient tree.

Thunderous sounds echoed through the sky. The group's combined attack, each of them being top-tier half-Immortal Kings or about to break through into the early stage of Immortal King, combined their attacks. Even an early-stage Immortal King would have a hard time.

In an instant, the ancient tree formed from withered wood was destroyed in the world and turned into a terrifying storm.

"Cough... Cough..." A purple figure appeared. Cao Dezhu coughed blood, but his face was smiling.

"What are you all here for? This kind of trash is enough to finish me!" Cao Dezhu spoke, looking at Qin Chuan as if it was he who had destroyed the attack.

Qin Chuan looked at Cao Dezhu's expression and was furious. Even now, this man still didn't stop showing off.

"Kill..." As Qin Chuan was distracted, a golden long staff rushed towards him. Yao Chen shouted.

"Defeated!" Qin Chuan laughed and waved his hands, summoning a golden hand to grab the long staff.

"Ants can kill an elephant!" Nan Gong Yuqing coldly spoke and slashed with his demon sword, destroying the storm.

"Hey, I'm the master. Don't steal my spotlight!" Cao Dezhu cursed and disappeared from his spot.

If Qin Chuan was a tiger, then Nan Gong Yuqing and others were wolves. A group of wolves with extraordinary coordination. After all, they had worked together for countless years.

A group of people surrounded an early-stage Immortal King and didn't waste any effort. Soon, they made Qin Chuan look very pitiful.